Season 1 (Episodes 1–24) [#](#season-1) {#season-1}
--------

### Episode 1 — The Big Inboard [#](#episode-1) {#episode-1}

The men at the lodge build a huge outboard motor out of a V8 engine. Red
demonstrates the belt sander. Harold discusses sex education and Bill
teaches canoeing.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FUXPuYZ4DEQ){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 2 — The Elvis Sighting [#](#episode-2) {#episode-2}

Elvis is sighted near Possum Lake. Red shows a youngster how to run a model
airplane. A visit with Doug Franklin and his monster truck. Bill toboggans
on garbage containers.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HbOX7yyL8VM){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 3 — The UFO [#](#episode-3) {#episode-3}

The men claim to have seen a UFO. Red refinishes a chair with a bunch of
hairdryers. Bill uses jumper cables to build a campfire.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F7HfMwWIJtE){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 4 — The Treasure Hunt [#](#episode-4) {#episode-4}

The men go on a treasure hunt. Red build a beer cooler out of a toilet
tank. Bill demonstrates snow-shoeing. Hap Shaughnessy stretches the truth
about his rubber farm.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IUaYYK2u0g0){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 5 — Practical Joke Week [#](#episode-5) {#episode-5}

It's practical joke week at the lodge. Red builds an elevator out of a
garage door opener. Ranger Gord falls in love with a log. Bill shows you
how to make your own fishing gear.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fPQsX9LguyY){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 6 — Home Barber-Kit [#](#episode-6) {#episode-6}

One of the men gets a home barber kit and gives everybody a haircut. Red
puts eight extra headlights on his car. Jimmy McVeigh plans to spend the
night in the boat he’s rebuilding. Bill fools around with a snow blower.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dp7Cags27yw){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 7 — He-Man Contest [#](#episode-7) {#episode-7}

The lodge has a He-Man contest. Red turns a stove into a reclining chair.
Hap Shaughnessy describes his days as a bush pilot. Bill makes an igloo.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w2Pv2rItuyU){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 8 — Guest Elephant [#](#episode-8) {#episode-8}

Red has an unpleasant experience with an elephant. Bill demonstrates
paddling techniques. Red builds a jet powered car. Tips on buying a used
car - kick everything.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=noZxccLy5eY){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 9 — Exotic Dancer [#](#episode-9) {#episode-9}

Moose goes to see an exotic dancer. Red builds a portable phone. Doug shows
the engine on his monster truck. Bill tries parachuting.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9f8b4k96tR4){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 10 — Lost Toupee [#](#episode-10) {#episode-10}

Old man Sedgwick loses his rug. Red makes an adjustable bed of a ping pong
table. Bill demonstrates ways to keep the bugs away. Red drops in on lonely
Ranger Gord.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OdER_ipjLwM){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 11 — Talent Show [#](#episode-11) {#episode-11}

The lodge has a talent show. Red fixes his VCR. Bill shows us some tricks
when erecting a tent. Red gives basketball tips to a youngster.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jyA1GVRAYt8){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 12 — Problem Outhouse [#](#episode-12) {#episode-12}

Trouble with the lodge outhouse. Red checks his lawn mower and finds out
the engine is seized. Hap describes his days on the railroad. Bill
demonstrates knife throwing.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bjljzpPvTW4){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 13 — Whittling Contest [#](#episode-13) {#episode-13}

The Lodge has a whittling contest. Red demonstrates how to put on a spare
tire with duct tape. Glen is unable to fix the outboard. Bill tires water
skiing.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3neYbn4_nzE){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 14 — Wind-Powered Boat [#](#episode-14) {#episode-14}

The men build a wind powered boat. Red changes a headlight with a wrecking
bar. Hap claims to have worked on a tiger ranch. Bill gets in trouble with
a metal detector.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0OUmnQd5dcI){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 15 — Hot Water Bottle [#](#episode-15) {#episode-15}

Everybody tries to blow up a hot water bottle. Red makes a coffin out of a
freezer. Glen gets Red to clean his RV. Bill demonstrates archery.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0PmaxiD7S-0){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 16 — Lodge Visitor [#](#episode-16) {#episode-16}

There’s a bear inside the lodge. Red makes a basketball net out of a
crinoline. The natural resources guy is testing water on the golf course.
Bill goes snorkeling.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx_6ZEEkW9w){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 17 — Gun Powder Shakes [#](#episode-17) {#episode-17}

Somehow gun powder ends up in the salt and pepper shakers. Doug Franklin
describes how the ladies go for his monster truck. Red shows how to do your
own body work. Bill messes around with slingshots.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ODTN6CG3Yr8){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 18 — Safety Week [#](#episode-18) {#episode-18}

It’s safety week at the lodge. Jimmy builds a boat prop out of a ceiling
fan. Red fixes his toaster. Bill explains the subtleties of fire safety.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U7Q06csDc7U){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 19 — Bad Chili [#](#episode-19) {#episode-19}

A running shoe turns up in the lodge chili. Red installs a window air
conditioner in the Possum van. There’s no mail. Bill takes Red
orienteering.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oqAsaWFNLro){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 20 — Water Tower [#](#episode-20) {#episode-20}

The men build a water tower. Red comments on free love. Bill has trouble
trolling. Red makes his own gull wing doors for a ‘78 Ford Granada.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VRgiCi5S_Eo){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 21 — Jet-Ski [#](#episode-21) {#episode-21}

Somebody on Possum Lake has a Jet ski. Red shows how you can substitute
tools. Hap has an unbelievable ice-fishing experience. Bill goes
international in demonstrating the Bolos.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TVzCZUojjKw){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 22 — New Well [#](#episode-22) {#episode-22}

The men try to dig a new well. Red tries to winch a canoe into a trailer.
Dougie changes the oil in his monster truck. Bill reveals the various
methods of trapping and snaring.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W2hhbijc7Lk){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 23 — Canoe Jousting [#](#episode-23) {#episode-23}

The men have a canoe jousting contest. Red turns a car into a gardening
centre. Harold questions his uncle on the rules of etiquette. Bill
demonstrates how to find water.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p8OL3YcZpZk){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 24 — Water Slide [#](#episode-24) {#episode-24}

The men build a water slide. Red shows how you can fix your own windshield.
Dougie looses his license. Bill demonstrates different ways to signal for
help.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iLJIpZLAouI){: target="_blank"}

* * * *

Season 2 (Episodes 25–48) [#](#season-2) {#season-2}
--------

### Episode 25 — The Putter Attack [#](#episode-25) {#episode-25}

Noel tightens security and accidentally crowns Helmut with Bob’s favourite
putter. Meanwhile, Red makes a dishwasher out of a fridge and Bill goes
rappelling.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tjTlB5NpNBA){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 26 — Doc’s Loan [#](#episode-26) {#episode-26}

Doc owes money to Helmut who is big and strong and upset. Red shows you how
to make a homemade lathe. Bill demonstrates water safety.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GEvigNmGko4){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 27 — Missing [#](#episode-27) {#episode-27}

Someone has stolen Eddie's collection of Robert Goulet records. Red turns a
water tank into a one-man sub. Bill accidentally ignites the ground.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YkSjqBdtK8g){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 28 — The Receipt-A-Thon [#](#episode-28) {#episode-28}

The Lodge is being audited so everybody is busy forging receipts. Red makes
a personal safety air bag. Bill has trouble with a Hammock.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9QFpXypl6bg){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 29 — The Sing Along Machine [#](#episode-29) {#episode-29}

Eddie is electrocuted by a homemade karaoke machine. Red shows how to
rustproof your car by covering it with linoleum. Bill teaches and learns
about first aid.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0Xb_xcJbtzA){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 30 — Bear!!! [#](#episode-30) {#episode-30}

A bear in heat has all the men trapped inside the Lodge. Red builds a bear
scarer out of a couple of Hawaiian shirts. Bill demonstrates building a
shelter in the woods.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Li02MnwLO2E){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 31 — The Bad Check-Up [#](#episode-31) {#episode-31}

Glen has a bad medical check-up and is denied insurance for his RV. Red
makes patio lanterns out of used containers. Bill turns a canoe into a
sailboat.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rCO43p2W1X4){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 32 — The Four-Man Raft [#](#episode-32) {#episode-32}

Murray sells the Lodge a four-man raft that turns out to be an inner tube
with a tackle box duct-taped to it. Red shows us many useful things you can
do with old oil drums. Bill makes a homemade bow and arrow.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-AcxT5vKX6c){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 33 — Skeet Golf [#](#episode-33) {#episode-33}

Bob drives golf balls out over the lake and Helmut shoots them before they
come down. He misses and the ball goes through Glen’s RV sunroof. Red turns
a fridge into a armour. Bill demonstrates how to find food in the woods
(Part 1).

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ytOvjNQcrIg){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 34 — The Broken Water Pump [#](#episode-34) {#episode-34}

Helmut is trying to fix the pump while Murray is trying to sell the Lodge a
whole new water system and theme park. Red demonstrates how to change your
oil. Bill tries barrel jumping.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yUgKnQ5usoU){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 35 — The Illegal Clubs [#](#episode-35) {#episode-35}

Bob buys a set of clubs that turn out to be all left-handed drivers with a
goalie stick for a putter. Red makes a moped with a bike and a chainsaw.
Bill tires fishing from a float tube.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5NMbJUo7sKw){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 36 — Animals In The Attic [#](#episode-36) {#episode-36}

Evidence points to a raccoon in the Lodge attic. Noel has to get rid of
him, but Eddie has made him a pet. Red makes a sofa bed out of plastic milk
crates. Bill takes Red shore fishing.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BKEziIurooI){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 37 — The Party Boat Sank [#](#episode-37) {#episode-37}

The Lodge's homemade pontoon boat sank and Glen is blamed for poor
workmanship. Red makes a raincoat with a couple of tablecloths and a glue
gun. Bill tries his hand at sailing.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vxusElbyUjQ){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 38 — The Food Club [#](#episode-38) {#episode-38}

Douglas signs the Lodge up for Murray's food club which forces Eddie to
quit. Red demonstrates how every tool can be used as a hammer. Bill tries
some innovative methods of tree climbing.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0vvpgyMOf30){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 39 — The Fish Locator [#](#episode-39) {#episode-39}

Doc buys a fish locator that he can’t afford so he creates a lottery to pay
for it. Red shows how to make transmission repairs. Bill demonstrates a few
camouflage techniques.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DgLR2msD9NI){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 40 — The Bent Canoe [#](#episode-40) {#episode-40}

Helmut went white water rafting and wrecked the canoe. Helmet won’t replace
it and Glen can’t fix it. Red shows a bunch of things you can make out of
tin. Bill tries to get Harold's Frisbee out of a tree.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S_AVsR-AODw){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 41 — Job Security [#](#episode-41) {#episode-41}

Douglas fires Noel and appoints Helmut as the new head of Lodge Security.
Red makes a grandfather clock out of a canoe. Bill builds and test drives a
catapult.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=phoKDi3YIp4){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 42 — Noel's Stag [#](#episode-42) {#episode-42}

The men are planning a stag for Noel who is getting married on very short
notice. Red makes things for the kitchen out of a car engine. Bill finds
more food in the woods (Part 3).

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FiiDKZBKWwE){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 43 — Bob's Birthday [#](#episode-43) {#episode-43}

A bunch of misunderstandings lead to an on-again off-again surprise party
for Bob. Red makes a leaf blower out of a washroom hand dryer. Bill tries
walking on stilts.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ldboS9fNRys){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 44 — The Sudsy Lake [#](#episode-44) {#episode-44}

Possum Lake is covered with pink foam that turns out to be coming from
Eddie’s dishwasher. Red shows up a bunch of things that can be done with
pieces of garden hose after you run over them with your lawn mower. Bill
tries hockey.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PgcrB5chxyg){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 45 — The Gun Mishap [#](#episode-45) {#episode-45}

Noel accidentally shoots Murray which is a major upset for Murray and a
minor inconsequent for everyone else. Red makes a toboggan out of a car
hood. Bill spruces up an old bicycle.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LqDUcdA88M4){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 46 — The Double Date [#](#episode-46) {#episode-46}

Helmut and Glen go on a double date in the RV. Bad things happen. Red shows
how to make decorative plaster molding for your home or cottage. Bill
ignores the dangers and tries to top a tree.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PHknw_z_N1Y){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 47 — The Florida Trip [#](#episode-47) {#episode-47}

The men decide to take Glen’s RV to Florida without Glen in it. Red makes a
pool table out of things he found in the backyard. Bill tries out a few
boomerangs.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gyTrIFdK9PE){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 48 — Not One Fish [#](#episode-48) {#episode-48}

Doc claims that Bob and the government have killed all the fish in Possum
Lake. Red makes a recliner rocker out of an old wooden chair and a barbecue
grill. Bill demonstrates how to help at the scene of an accident.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y55Xiy4iqkg){: target="_blank"}

* * * *

Season 3 (Episodes 49–72) [#](#season-3) {#season-3}
--------

### Episode 49 — Maple Syrup [#](#episode-49) {#episode-49}

The Lodge uses a fuel pump from a Russian missile to collect maple syrup.
Meanwhile, Bill demonstrates the dangerous side of camping lanterns. Harold
exposes what’s wrong with adults and Red makes a wind surfer out of a patio
table. Featured Members: Buzz Sherwood the Lodge bush pilot and Reg Hunter
the vegetarian hunter. Featured Expert: Douglas Franklin tells us why to
stay away from doctors.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EaWhsBImvdo){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 50 — Car Pool [#](#episode-50) {#episode-50}

Red tries to start a car pool as an excuse to buy a 12 passenger van but
the men only like to ride in their own vehicles. Harold gives some valuable
tips on bully proofing, Bills has some new techniques for cutting down
trees and Red makes an intercom out of old toilets. Featured Members: Glen
Brackston, the world’s laziest marina owner and Dougie Franklin the monster
truck guy. Featured Expert: Hap Shaughnessy reveals some personal
experience with explosives.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OqoIl6cPymM){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 51 — The Spawning Grounds [#](#episode-51) {#episode-51}

The Lodge backhoe rolled into Possum Lake and the men find out they can get
government money if they use it as a shelter for fingerlings. Meanwhile,
Harold starts his own news network. Bill demonstrates downhill skiing and
Red makes the world’s most complete tool belt, the Super Duper Tool a Rama.
Featured Members: Bob Stuyvesant, the golfing civil servant and Dougie
Franklin, the Monster Truck guy. Featured Expert: Hap Shaughnessy describes
the taste of dinosaur meat.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_XyysLOIoWY){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 52 — Magnetic Lake [#](#episode-52) {#episode-52}

A freak accident and a lot of pollution result in Possum Lake being
magnetized. Lodge life becomes difficult, especially for anything with iron
in it. Meanwhile, Harold pretends to be God, Bill shows how not to launch a
boat and Red makes a kiddie ride out of an umbrella clothesline. Featured
Members: Hap Shaughnessy, the exaggerator and Glen Brackston, the world's
laziest marina owner. Featured Expert: Bob Stuyvesant describes how to
entertain kids when they came to stay for the summer.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l-AJWHBtV7g){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 53 — Underground Parking [#](#episode-53) {#episode-53}

The men try to convert an abandoned gold mine into an underground parking
lot. In a flood district. Meanwhile, Harold forms the Possum Lodge Cadets.
Bill makes a very large backpack and Red turns a barbecue into a full set
of Scuba gear. Featured Members: Bob Stuyvesant, the golfing civil servant
and Joshua Two-Feathers the native land developer. Featured Expert: Glen
Brackston explains why to use a welder as a cook.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_VPq5trBXlI){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 54 — The Tanks We Get [#](#episode-54) {#episode-54}

The Lodge received 49 ten thousand gallon gas tanks for a fund raiser.
Meanwhile, Harold has the inside dope on show business. Bill finds
quicksand and Red builds a personal sauna out of a clothes dryer.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uSP7pkEYcPA){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 55 — Fire Brigade [#](#episode-55) {#episode-55}

The Lodge forms its own volunteer fire department and things go badly. Bill
builds a monstrous campfire. Red makes a one-step gardening machine out of
a double bed and Harold gives hints on how to date a girl who’s out of your
league. Featured Members: Ranger Gord the loneliest man alive, and Buzz
Sherwood, the lodge bush pilot. Featured Expert: Hap Shaughnessy explains
courage, with examples.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gKjsK2o1nsM){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 56 — The New Shirt/Casino [#](#episode-56) {#episode-56}

Red holds a Casino Night at the Lodge but everyone is upset about his new
shirt. Bill makes a camp bed. Red uses high voltage to cook a 7 pound
roast. Harold tells teens how to form a band. Featured Member: Ranger Gord,
the world’s loneliest man. Featured Experts: Bob Stuyvesant, the golfing
civil servant, and Glen Brackston, the world’s laziest marina owner,
identify what women really want.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_VSZUA1f5Cc){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 57 — Green Green [#](#episode-57) {#episode-57}

Red cleans up the environmental damage around the Lodge and received a
government grant. Bill shows Red how to get his van out of the mud. Red
uses duct tape to replace the webbing in a lawn chair. Harold tells teens
how to get along with their teachers. Featured Members: Hap Shaughnessy,
the exaggerator, and Ranger Gord, the loneliest man alive. Featured Expert:
Dougie Franklin, explains why to buy a car instead of a holiday.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d9KRzAh8XsY){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 58 — Fuel Conversion [#](#episode-58) {#episode-58}

The men at the Lodge decide to convert their vehicles to run on firewood.
Bill tries his hand, and one foot, at trapping. Red makes a self-cooled
chair. Harold does a feature on great film directors. Featured Expert: Glen
Brackston, the world’s laziest marina owner, gives the secret of dieting.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KOU3d_kJEls){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 59 — The Hidden Mine [#](#episode-59) {#episode-59}

Red and the boys drop into a hidden mine shaft while bungie jumping. Bill
demonstrates how to keep food cool without a refrigerator or ice. Red makes
a bicycle out of an old car. Harold tries to form 'good gangs' that have
drive-by science lessons. Featured Member: Bob Stuyvesant, the golfing
civil servant. Featured Expert: Hap Shaughnessy, the exaggerator, tells
why some people stretch the truth.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7ousp38ww5A){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 60 — Lake Regulations [#](#episode-60) {#episode-60}

Possum Lodge has a confrontation with the Yuppie canoe club on Possum Lake.
Bill makes his pup tent into a hang glider. Red turns an old canoe into a
porch swing. Harold starts a new sex phone-in show. Response is sparse.
Featured Members: Dougie Franklin, the Monster Truck guy, and Hap
Shaughnessy, the exaggerator. Featured Experts: Bob Stuyvesant and Glen
Brackston advise how to tell your children their pet has passed away.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_JnzIlqVN6c){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 61 — Cross The Lake Race [#](#episode-61) {#episode-61}

The men have a race across Possum Lake to see who wins the job of ferry
boat captain for the nudist camp. Bill does a little duck hunting. Red
turns a patio umbrella into a satellite dish. Harold presents his new movie
review show. Featured Members: Glen Brackston, the world’s laziest marina
owner, and Buzz Sherwood, the Lodge bush pilot. Featured Expert: Douglas
Franklin, the Monster Truck guy, gives advice on how to get attention.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bJQ94Ntd1bE){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 62 — The Salmon Parade [#](#episode-62) {#episode-62}

Possum Lodge decides to have a parade to celebrate the return of the salmon
to Mercury Creek. Bill shows some creative ways to cut grass. Red makes a
full set of living room furniture out of a used car. Harold tries a new
pilot called Tricks Your Driving Instructor Never Taught You. Featured
Members: Bob Stuyvesant, the golfing civil servant, and Dougie Franklin,
the Monster Truck guy. Featured Expert: Glen Brackston, the world’s laziest
marina owner, is forced to give an opinion on alternate lifestyles.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4d2OX_0jfiM){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 63 — The Funniest Video [#](#episode-63) {#episode-63}

In order to raise money for the Lodge, the men decide to send in a funny video
tape to a television show. Bill goes cross country skiing. Red shows how to put
up a wall in your basement. Harold tries a new show that allows nerds to
respond to their detractors. Featured Members: Ranger Gord, the loneliest man
alive, and Buzz Sherwood, the Lodge bush pilot.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p2jl85vcI3c){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 64 — Biosphere Three [#](#episode-64) {#episode-64}

The men decide to do a biosphere experiment until they find out you have to
be in there for two years. Bill makes an outdoor shower with an old water
pump and a jacked-up car. Red demonstrates new ways of using a step ladder.
Harold tries a new show on bus etiquette. Featured Members: Reg Hunter, the
vegetarian hunter, and Ranger Gord the loneliest man alive.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rxLQ0-_lTmA){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 65 — The Water Park [#](#episode-65) {#episode-65}

Following an accidental cement spill, Red and the boys decide to make
Possum Lake into a water theme park. Bill does some maintenance on his
sailboat. Red has some ideas to discourage tailgaters. Harold does a pilot
for a series exposing sex myths. Featured Expert: Bob Stuyvesant, the
golfing civil servant, talks about coping with stress.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yLGMfLp7KIs){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 66 — The Used Helicopter [#](#episode-66) {#episode-66}

Buster Hadfield buys a used helicopter and the boys at the Lodge have fun
trying to fly it. Bill sets alarms to warn if animals are invading the
campsite. Red makes a CD player out of an old toaster. Harold tries his
hand at doing a movie review show. Featured Members: Reg Hunter, the
vegetarian hunter, and Hap Shaughnessy, the exaggerator. Featured Expert:
Dougie Franklin, the Monster Truck guy, shows off his knowledge of the ten
commandments.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XpfyolUTS7s){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 67 — Possum Lake Regatta [#](#episode-67) {#episode-67}

After Moose Thompson flips his car into the lake, the men decide to make it
part of the annual Possum Lake Regatta. Bill blows up his campsite by using
river rocks in the fire. Red builds a cabin cruiser out of plastic pop
bottles. Harold does a program on how to talk to the police. Featured
Members: Glen Brackston, the world's laziest marina owner, and Bob
Stuyvesant, the golfing civil servant. Featured Expert: Hap Shaughnessy,
the exaggerator, claims that a K-Car distributor cap is a deadly weapon.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4F-3b28_EVs){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 68 — The Retirement Home [#](#episode-68) {#episode-68}

Old Man Sedgwick gets everybody to help him build a cottage up on a Rock
Reef Point. Bill shows how to survive in your car while waiting to be
rescued. Red makes a gift for the special lady in his life. Harold starts a
series of documentaries on his campaign to become High School President.
Featured Members: Joshua Two Feathers, the Native land developer, and
Ranger Gord, the loneliest man alive. Featured Expert: Dougie Franklin, the
Monster Truck guy, tries to choose the best car ever made.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cn5oxjirWJc){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 69 — Slingshot Skiing [#](#episode-69) {#episode-69}

Moose makes a huge slingshot out of surgical tubing so that he can water
ski without a boat. Bill invents a whole new way to take leaves off your
lawn. Red makes an inexpensive boat trailer out of tow old bikes. Harold
tries a new concept showing teenagers how posture makes you look good.
Featured Members: Ranger Gord, the loneliest man alive, and Bob Stuyvesant,
the golfing civil servant. Featured Expert: Glen Brackston, the world’s
laziest marina owner, describes how communism fell because of the lack of
RV’s in Russia.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NqJDBpwnyuc){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 70 — The Possum Olympics [#](#episode-70) {#episode-70}

Possum Lodge is the proposed site of the BI-annual Possum Olympics. Bill
demonstrates the sport of horseshoes. Red gives lessons on the basics of
supply side plumbing. Harold shows shy teens how to dance. Featured
Members: Buzz Sherwood, the Lodge bush pilot, the Reg Hunter, the
vegetarian hunter. Featured Expert: Dougie Franklin, the Monster Truck guy,
explains how Canadians are different from Americans.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-xcRKVY_6dQ){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 71 — Possum Lake Monster [#](#episode-71) {#episode-71}

A dinosaur is spotted swimming around in Possum Lake. Bill shows campers
how to store food in the woods. Red makes an interesting clock out of beer
bottles. Harold tries to get a TV series going on how to achieve and
maintain cool hair. Featured Members: Glen Brackston, the world’s laziest
marina owner, and Ranger Gord, the loneliest man alive. Featured Expert:
Hap Shaughnessy, the exaggerator, tells how he worked with Einstein on the
Theory of Relativity.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1wi4wTntj_4){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 72 — The Water Show [#](#episode-72) {#episode-72}

The man decide to put on a Possum Lodge Water Show to attract tourists.
Because the water is too cold Bill decides to go diving in the leaves. Red
makes a comfortable easy boy chair out of steel belted tires. Harold gets
very serious about safe sex. Featured Members: Hap Shaughnessy, the
exaggerator, and Dougie Franklin, the Monster Truck guy. Featured Expert:
Bob Stuyvesant, the golfing civil servant, gives marital advice to a
viewer.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i6tLGrguXxE){: target="_blank"}

* * * *

Season 4 (Episodes 73–96) [#](#season-4) {#season-4}
--------

### Episode 73 — The Beef Project [#](#episode-73) {#episode-73}

Junior Singleton inherits a cow from one of the local farmers, and the men
of the Possum Lodge offer to butcher it for him.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jYbrQ-0djt0){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 74 — The Owl Project [#](#episode-74) {#episode-74}

A rare Unicorn Owl is spotted near Possum Lodge, and the whole area is on
the verge of becoming an environmentally protected sanctuary with no
hunting or fishing.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8BMWIH2_M84){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 75 — The Beer Project [#](#episode-75) {#episode-75}

Responding to the high price of beer, the men of the Possum Lodge decide to
save money by brewing their own rather than curtailing consumption.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lFY8EEv5cD4){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 76 — The Firewood Project [#](#episode-76) {#episode-76}

The popularity of 'pick your own' strawberries and apples leads the men of
the Possum Lodge to the conclusion that there’s a market for 'pick your
own' firewood.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWqvlnU-Kq8){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 77 — The Hydrogen Project [#](#episode-77) {#episode-77}

A large quantity of hydrogen is released during an attempt to turn Possum
Lake into a huge car battery, negatively impacting the quality of local
life.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_M7eSnvDvx8){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 78 — The Schoolhouse Project [#](#episode-78) {#episode-78}

An attempt by a city couple to purchase the old schoolhouse leads the
locals of Possum Lake to find a way to save it, or at least make it
unmarketable.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7G7CN4ddtRw){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 79 — The Firefly Project [#](#episode-79) {#episode-79}

One of the members of Possum Lodge decides to light his home by trapping
fireflies in a huge skylight.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6aGzHr2yxao){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 80 — The Badger Project [#](#episode-80) {#episode-80}

Old Man Sedgwick gets a badger caught in his pants.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UOsEks6oqj8){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 81 — The Conveyor Project [#](#episode-81) {#episode-81}

Buster Hadfield and his brother buy a used conveyor belt, and the rest of
the Possum Lodge members try to make it look like a smart decision.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QU0UuHzn9fE){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 82 — The Electrical Project [#](#episode-82) {#episode-82}

To protest the utilities company, the men of Possum Lodge decide to
generate their own electricity.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B_fOTBCelOQ){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 83 — The Storm Damage Project [#](#episode-83) {#episode-83}

The Possum Lake area is hit by a huge storm, as predicted by Old Man
Sedgwick's body.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vn6D5w-vCIs){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 84 — The Marine Show Project [#](#episode-84) {#episode-84}

The men of Possum Lodge fly in a couple of seas cows to create a marine
entertainment centre that is reminiscent of other historic mistakes.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zPv8yFqcuvg){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 85 — The Silver Project [#](#episode-85) {#episode-85}

After a particularly boring exhibition of Busters Hadfield’s vacation
pictures, the men of Possum Lodge try to suck the silver off the negatives.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1odMXI_mdhY){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 86 — The Ski & Golf Project [#](#episode-86) {#episode-86}

When Moose Thompson successfully sues the local golf and ski resort and
ends up owning it, he learns that in lawsuits, as in life, you should be
careful what you wish for.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UcXDW0TK7yw){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 87 — The Auction Project [#](#episode-87) {#episode-87}

Encouraged by tourists'penchant for paying any amount of money for
anything, the men of Possum Lodge decide to hold a gigantic auction.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7rVVjBANDgk){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 88 — The Rustproofing Project [#](#episode-88) {#episode-88}

Tired of watching their vehicles turn to rust, the men of Possum Lodge once
again take the law of nature into their own hands.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OzNGUIzkguw){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 89 — The Movie Project [#](#episode-89) {#episode-89}

A group of bandy-legged vegetarian filmmakers invade Possum Lodge to shoot
a documentary on the environmental fallout of manly behavior.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K68j_PbX7y4){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 90 — The Painted Leaves Project [#](#episode-90) {#episode-90}

An unexpected explosion in the paint shop gives the men the idea of
painting all the local trees for fun and profit.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zjWC9B4jW-s){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 91 — The Real Estate Project [#](#episode-91) {#episode-91}

Somebody buys the lot next door to Possum Lodge and starts fixing it up,
ruining the neighbourhood.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bWsyiKueTos){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 92 — The Stuck Truck Project [#](#episode-92) {#episode-92}

Stinky Peterson's girlfriend gets his truck stuck in the ditch, but by the
time it’s over, Stinky is the one who's stuck and ditched.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_Nk8X_J1510){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 93 — The Group Photo Project [#](#episode-93) {#episode-93}

To celebrate the anniversary of the invention of the spin casting reel, the
people around Possum Lodge decide to stand in the centre of town for an
aerial photo.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7XOpiU_dNe0){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 94 — The Guard Dog Project [#](#episode-94) {#episode-94}

Junior Singleton decides to get a guard dog when all of his lawn ornaments
are stolen.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KiWQIoxuHG8){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 95 — The Mt. Rushmore Project [#](#episode-95) {#episode-95}

Desperately seeking sustenance, the men of Possum Lodge decide to carve
Rock Reef Point into a tourist attraction.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6rcLR2aM0sU){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 96 — The Catfish Project [#](#episode-96) {#episode-96}

Old Man Sedgwick catches a 47-foot catfish in the Catch a Catfish for
Confirmation Contest, and the men of Possum Lodge decide to make it into
perfume. Red gives Harold a car, which turns out to be more trouble than it
is worth. On Handyman Corner, Red attempts to construct a mobile sports
bar.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-R5W0gnthzQ){: target="_blank"}

* * * *

Season 5 (Episodes 97–120) [#](#season-5) {#season-5}
--------

### Episode 97 — Men's Night On The Mountain [#](#episode-97) {#episode-97}

'Women accept what they are; Men have to prove it.' Special Guest Graham
Greene. Harold finally is invited to spend a night out with the boys.
Animal Control Officer, Garth Harble swallows a rodent. On Handyman Corner,
Red demonstrates how to turn a grocery cart into a lounge chair complete
with snacks. Adventures with Bill features Cliff Diving.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l33k1N6AJwc){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 98 — The Driving Test [#](#episode-98) {#episode-98}

'Women know where they’re going; Men drive.' Special Guest Gordon Pinsent.
On Handyman Corner, Red makes an anti radar device. Bill demonstrates
alternative modes of transportation. Hap recounts his Sport Whaling days.
Harold impersonates Red at the driving test after Red loses his license.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wKkmZ7QZdrY){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 99 — The Satellite Dish [#](#episode-99) {#episode-99}

'Women are watching the world; Men are watching television.' As usual the
men at Possum Lodge overdo everything. On Handyman Corner, Red shows how to
turn a discarded dashboard into the ultimate remote control. Adventures
With Bill features pogo sticking.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=083F2oWtMuQ){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 100 — Father and Son Banquet [#](#episode-100) {#episode-100}

'Women can bear children; Men can’t.' Special Guest Graham Greene. Red &
Harold need fathers for the banquet. On Handyman Corner, Red makes a girl’s
bedroom suite out of recycled tires. Bill’s Adventure centers on a tire
swing. Edgar Montrose demonstrates the use of dynamite for home
renovations.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e4LNfJovWBM){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 101 — The New Doctor [#](#episode-101) {#episode-101}

'Women pursue good health; Men pursue good doctors.' Local Tastee Freeze is
converted into Possum Lake Medical Clinic. On Handyman Corner, Red makes a
golf cart from a bicycle and plastic pipe. Adventures With Bill features a
Bar-B-Q.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z5RXm5q3lcQ){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 102 — The Vertical Grandstand [#](#episode-102) {#episode-102}

'Women enjoy good entertainment; Men prefer good seats.' New transformer
tower is the inspiration for a grandstand. On Handyman Corner, Red
demonstrates bonding metals. Adventures With Bill features rocketry.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qVeQWtVzkAQ){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 103 — The Network Deal [#](#episode-103) {#episode-103}

'Women appreciate creative input; Men appreciate silence.' A big network
becomes interested in the show and wants to make a few minor changes
including replacing Harold and adding the first female to the cast. On
Handyman Corner, Red demonstrates the fine art of packing. Adventures With
Bill features boxing.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KUzn5wJlgiE){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 104 — Medieval Times [#](#episode-104) {#episode-104}

'Women try to preserve history; Men try to make it.' Camelot comes to
Possum Lake. On Handyman Corner, Red makes a crossbow courier device.
Adventures With Bill features fencing.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dg0sYtVbpx4){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 105 — Van Go [#](#episode-105) {#episode-105}

'Women protect their feelings; Men protect their possessions.' The Possum
Van is stolen. On Handyman Corner, Red burglar proofs a car. Cycling is
featured on Adventures With Bill.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SBgdWe96zuQ){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 106 — Possum Lodge Radio [#](#episode-106) {#episode-106}

'Women like to communicate; Men like to broadcast.' CB Radios replace the
telephone system at Possum Lake. On Handyman Corner, Red turns an outhouse
into a phone booth. Bowling is the demonstrated sport on Adventures With
Bill.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y07C8p7rZiM){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 107 — X Marks The Spot [#](#episode-107) {#episode-107}

'Women better themselves; Men better their friends.' Lodge members search
for buried treasure. On Handyman Corner, Red makes a lawn roller from a
bicycle and 2 clothes dryers. Bird Watching is featured on Adventures With
Bill.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PmxEzsoc-T0){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 108 — Sedgwick The Thief [#](#episode-108) {#episode-108}

'Women are helpful by nature; Men need a court order.' Old Man Sedgwick is
arrested for shoplifting. On Handyman Corner, Red converts an ordinary car
into a cable car. Bill demonstrates pickpocketing.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E0vqkH6Immk){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 109 — The Cement Load [#](#episode-109) {#episode-109}

'Women have to cement a romance; Men have a romance with cement.' When the
submarine pen project is cancelled, the men of Possum Lodge contend with 15
truckloads of cement. Bill builds a cement table. On Handyman Corner, Red
converts a boat into a hovercraft.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wa8yuwn1cRs){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 110 — The Gas Shortage [#](#episode-110) {#episode-110}

'Women travel; Men bum gas.' A crisis results when Possum Lake’s only gas
station closes. On Handyman Corner, Red converts the Possum Van into a huge
gas tank. Bill becomes a cowboy.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B-0hsShQDx4){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 111 — Trout Season [#](#episode-111) {#episode-111}

'Women go forward; Men go fishing.' With the start of a new season the
lodge members create innovative and sometimes illegal ways to catch fish in
Possum Lake. On Handyman Corner, Red adapts hip waders to carry all his
fishing gear. On Adventures With Bill the fine art of casting is
demonstrated.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xxl-6HIGCuA){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 112 — The Lost Dog [#](#episode-112) {#episode-112}

'Women lament lost love; Men lament lost pets.' Lodge members go in search
of a lost dog in Possum Woods. On Handyman Corner, Red demonstrates
creative ways to keep your dog at home. Ballooning is the subject of
Adventures With Bill.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yeGg9_KwBw0){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 113 — The New Statue [#](#episode-113) {#episode-113}

'Women build friendships; Men build statues.' Lodge members decide to
replace the town statue they destroyed. On Handyman Corner, Red comes up
with a non chemical mosquito control system. Bill tries to get his car
going.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R7aQyV7-lok){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 114 — One Man’s Garbage [#](#episode-114) {#episode-114}

'Women throw out their garbage; Men catch it.' Members decide to clean up
the lodge and end up in the landfill business. Red builds a Compactor on
Handyman Corner and Bill demonstrates frisbee.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ynYh_oYgbjM){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 115 — The Big Thing [#](#episode-115) {#episode-115}

'Women value quality; Men value size.' Big mysterious machine creates big
excitement at Possum Lake. On Handyman Corner, Red builds an elevated
observation chair. Bill plays with ladders.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cfoje-Cns2g){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 116 — Bottled Water [#](#episode-116) {#episode-116}

'Women value free spirits; Men bottle them.' Lodge Members set up their own
still. Red builds a robot on Handyman Corner. Bill installs an above ground
pool.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rcHmq2wGcQ4){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 117 — Floating Church [#](#episode-117) {#episode-117}

'Women enjoy church; Men enjoy Sundays.' Religion comes to Possum Lake with
explosive consequences. On Handyman Corner, Red makes himself unsinkable.
Adventures With Bill demonstrates martial arts.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vE0AQqGpl7s){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 118 — The Not-Chicken Franchise [#](#episode-118) {#episode-118}

'Women enjoy good food done well; Men enjoy fast food done cheap.' Red and
Harold promote the new restaurant in town. Red makes a neon sign on
Handyman Corner. Adventures With Bill features soccer.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mvxwJlSMPP8){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 119 — The Compost Heap [#](#episode-119) {#episode-119}

'Women make compost heaps; Men make garbage piles.' Lodge members decide to
grow their own beer nuts. On Handyman Corner, Red demonstrates his planting
technique. Bill tries his hand at mulching.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FCttYqOIkQY){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 120 — Homemade Cheese [#](#episode-120) {#episode-120}

'Women mature; Men ferment.' Junior's house develops a major mouse
infestation. On Handyman Corner, Red offers pest control tips. Adventures
With Bill demonstrates making cheese.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lzUb3PgviT0){: target="_blank"}

* * * *

Season 6 (Episodes 121–144) [#](#season-6) {#season-6}
--------

### Episode 121 — The Science Fair [#](#episode-121) {#episode-121}

Red Gives Harold unwanted help on his science project with disastrous
results. On Handyman Corner, Red demonstrates how not to use a table saw.
The Olympic Rings are featured on Adventures with Bill. Gordon Pinsent
guest stars.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_s79uXLQqDU){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 122 — Sedgwick The Tenant [#](#episode-122) {#episode-122}

Old Man Sedgwick moves into the Lodge causing Red and Harold considerable
aggravation. Red turns a car into a fire truck. Bill does his circus Flying
Walenda act. Albert Schultz guest stars.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gTIfSJXXL8s){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 123 — The Driving Lesson [#](#episode-123) {#episode-123}

Harold fails his driving test again and makes another wrong turn in getting
help from Red. On Handyman Corner, Red makes an air hockey game out of 2
clothes dryers. Bill plays tennis.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-TxduxZ_FY0){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 124 — The Tax Refund [#](#episode-124) {#episode-124}

Red’s unexpected tax refund may be too good to be true. On Handyman Corner,
a boat and trailer are converted into an amphibious car. Bill demonstrates
his skills in the vineyard.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GLBKgwGik3U){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 125 — No Church [#](#episode-125) {#episode-125}

When the only Reverend leaves town, all church activities are transferred
to the Lodge with disastrous results. On Handyman Corner, Red turns floor
polishers into electric rollerblades. Bill takes Harold camping. Paul Gross
guest stars as new Yuppie Lodge member, Kevin Black.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IYK5_IZP92s){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 126 — The Petting Zoo [#](#episode-126) {#episode-126}

An overpopulation of local forest animals leads Lodge Members to open a
petting zoo, another hair brained idea. Red uses aquariums to put skylights
into a van. Bill tries bungey jumping. Gordon Pinsent guest stars.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CfWz6WQRioo){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 127 — Good Government [#](#episode-127) {#episode-127}

Lodge Members try to take advantage of their discovery that their political
representative has been deceased for some time. Red uses steam to let out
his pants. Bill tries his hand at darts. Paul Gross (Due South) guest
stars.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ox33XWTN7-k){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 128 — The Poker Game [#](#episode-128) {#episode-128}

Red loses in the weekly poker game and develops tactics to get even. On
Handyman Corner, Red builds a personal jetpack. Bill takes Harold apple
picking. Albert Schultz guest stars as Arnie Dogan, local roofer and CW
songwriter.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qeD8foFZs5g){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 129 — The Drill [#](#episode-129) {#episode-129}

The purchase of a cordless drill turns into a major shopping expedition. On
Handyman Corner, Red converts a front wheel drive car into rear powered.
Bill tires pole vaulting. On Men's Anonymous, Dalton brags about throwing
something out.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NPJFEpZ-uF8){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 130 — Maxi Golf [#](#episode-130) {#episode-130}

Lodge Members, banned from the local golf course, develop creative ways to
play their favorite game. Red refinishes furniture on Handyman Corner. Bill
demonstrates glass blowing.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4hL72kpTags){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 131 — Bernice’s Birthday [#](#episode-131) {#episode-131}

Red has problems coming up with a last minute birthday present for the
wife. The Possum van is in for a paint job on Handyman corner. Bill tires
cooking over a campfire. Paul Gross and Gordon Pinsent guest star.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tqDNFlOL0hQ){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 132 — The Church Casino [#](#episode-132) {#episode-132}

Lodge Members sneak off to the charity casino and have to find ways to hide
all their winnings. Red converts a toolbox into a cooker. Bill takes Harold
canoeing. Gordon Pinsent guest stars.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ozYaavmMUUY){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 133 — The House Raising [#](#episode-133) {#episode-133}

Buster Hadfield's house burns down and Lodge Members try to raise a new
one. Red ties to hang a door on Handyman corner. Bill shows off his high
wire act.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aplLwQQGAzg){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 134 — The Love Boat [#](#episode-134) {#episode-134}

Junior Singleton's love interest affects his participation in lodge
activities. Red strips lawn furniture on Handyman Corner. Bill takes Harold
backpacking. Winston gets lost and calls Possum 911 for help.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r4vlvK1Vt1E){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 135 — The Girlfriend [#](#episode-135) {#episode-135}

Harold goes overboard after meeting his first girlfriend It's the Armchair
Fisherman on Handyman Corner. Bill does his Tarzan act with hilarious
results.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jn3ecpNBq08){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 136 — The New Lease [#](#episode-136) {#episode-136}

Red has to make a government presentation to renew the lodge lease.
Beermaking is featured on Handyman Corner. Bill tries water-skiing. Gordon
Pinsent guest stars.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cErq-6FTIF0){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 137 — The Baseball Tryouts [#](#episode-137) {#episode-137}

Red is upset when Harold beats him for a spot on the team. New uses for old
record albums are demonstrated on Handyman Corner. Bill goes Go Karting.
Albert Schultz guest stars.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vjq3TQ-SDz8){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 138 — 30 Minutes Or Free [#](#episode-138) {#episode-138}

Red comes up with a low cost plan to cater the hockey banquet. On Handyman
Corner, Red tries to install a winch on the front of the van. Bill and
Harold assemble a log cabin.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RvnUulNYgjA){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 139 — Fund Raiser [#](#episode-139) {#episode-139}

Lodge Members stage a fundraising fair to save the community center with
the usual unexpected results. On Handyman Corner, Red invents a macrowave
oven. Bill does some canning. Gordon Pinsent guest stars.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QSSIGMmPpDY){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 140 — Real Estate [#](#episode-140) {#episode-140}

Moose hires Red as his real estate agent. On Handyman Corner, Red uses a
lawn mower to make a batting machine. Bill plays ping-pong with Harold.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4EtosSJE-70){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 141 — The Stag Party [#](#episode-141) {#episode-141}

The lodge members hold a stag for Junior Singleton and nobody can find him
on the wedding day. Red explains the merits of turning a freezer into a hot
tub. Bill goes Hawaiian.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-WoHKTEg4OE){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 142 — The Suits [#](#episode-142) {#episode-142}

Harold sues Junior for hitting his bike and sets off a chain of litigation
involving everyone at Possum Lake. Red demonstrates tire-retreading
techniques. Bill flies model planes with Harold.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9ar4bImjdio){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 143 — The High School Reunion [#](#episode-143) {#episode-143}

Red has a do-it-yourself makeover for the high school reunion. On Handyman
Corner, Red shows us how to improve gas mileage. Bill pumps some iron.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mBqXojDNT18){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 144 — Harold's Wheels [#](#episode-144) {#episode-144}

Red gives Harold a car, which turns out to be more trouble than it is
worth. On Handyman Corner, Red attempts to construct a mobile sports bar.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HXlNVkd-VB0){: target="_blank"}

* * * *

Season 7 (Episodes 145–161) [#](#season-7) {#season-7}
--------

### Episode 145 — Running of the Bulls [#](#episode-145) {#episode-145}

The gang at Possum Lodge stage a Running of the Bulls with the usual
disastrous results. Red builds a Hummer out of 2 Hyundai Ponys on Handyman
Corner and Bill and Red go camping on Adventures with Bill.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EIBxnm9IFA0){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 146 — Swiss It Up [#](#episode-146) {#episode-146}

Red and Harold sell the show to Switzerland and are forced to change the
content to suit the Swiss audience. Red builds a house trailer our of
appliance doors. Bill plays with his yoyo.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EQOELqwdQ1E){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 147 — The Implosion [#](#episode-147) {#episode-147}

A fundraiser for the Historical Society results in the destruction of their
Heritage Building. On Handyman Corner, Red builds a motorcycle and sidecar
out of an old bike and a riding mower. Red destroys Arnie's guitar when he
tries to fix it with a belt sander.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jeTSnoeZZMQ){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 148 — Adopt-a-Highway [#](#episode-148) {#episode-148}

Possum Lodge adopts a three mile curved stretch of highway dubbed 'Orphan’s
Bend'. Red builds a party-sized barbeque out of bathtubs. Bill tries to
uproot a monster-sized tree stump.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z1CbXkNdxfg){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 149 — The Strange Ranger [#](#episode-149) {#episode-149}

Ranger Gord is missing from his tower. Red does the ultimate van
conversion. Bill shows off his rock collection.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_Skq8gBNr6Q){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 150 — Big Guy Little Guy [#](#episode-150) {#episode-150}

Red joins a big brothers club just so he can compete in a soapbox derby.
Bill collects butterflies. Red turns a car into a tow truck.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jwohRfkuPHk){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 151 — The Movie [#](#episode-151) {#episode-151}

Red and Harold make a feature film on Super 8 M.O.S. Bill power washes a
friend's car. Red turns a hot water heater into a man-sized espresso
machine.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S91GdCZ-Rog){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 152 — Expropriation [#](#episode-152) {#episode-152}

Red speculates in real estate when he hears about a new highway coming
through Possum Lake. Bill and Harold have a paintball war game. Red makes a
friend's van into a convertible.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lOHvMlQr5CA){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 153 — The Stool Pigeons [#](#episode-153) {#episode-153}

Harold creates an informer’s club to snitch on criminals. Red gives a few
handyman kitchen tips. Bill rotates the van tires. Red gives his take on
modern art.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EKvGRAdWLWk){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 154 — Celebrity [#](#episode-154) {#episode-154}

Werner Klemperer buys a cottage in the Possum Lake area. Red points out the
wisdom of buying a used Police car. Bill knocks a few out at the golf
driving range.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yyy8gYkU2TY){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 155 — Let Me Count the Ways [#](#episode-155) {#episode-155}

The men of Possum Lodge fix up their cabins for their wives' visit. Red
builds a huge cigarette car out of a city bus. Bill tries his hand at some
carnival games.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QbTVm1cQT4A){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 156 — Pardi Gras [#](#episode-156) {#episode-156}

Possum Lodge inherits 137 tubas and decides to have a parade. Red replaces
his car tires with footwear. Bill makes a manually-operated elevator.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1dvlwZEnmCY){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 157 — The Splinter Lodge [#](#episode-157) {#episode-157}

Some of the men are unhappy with Red as a leader and form their own lodge.
Red turns a freezer into a den. Bill tries to make a man-sized tree fort.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nUyvlJPsXLg){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 158 — The Good Old Hockey Game [#](#episode-158) {#episode-158}

Possum Lodge has a dispute with Yuppie cottagers about whether the local
rink should be used for hockey or curling. Red turns his van into a
snowplough. Bill tries snowboarding. Special Guest - Gordon Pinsent.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sv9unUmQjSw){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 159 — Outside [#](#episode-159) {#episode-159}

Red encourages Harold to stand up and fight for himself. Red makes a heated
driveway out of chain link fence and a stove. Bill and Harold go ice
fishing. Special Guest - Graham Greene.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rieRkXQ_xPc){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 160 — The Town Mall [#](#episode-160) {#episode-160}

Using the sewers, the men turn downtown Possum Lake into an indoor mall.
Red converts the Possum van to run on propane. Bill and Red put on skates
and play Crack the Whip.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lx7PpuWd00o){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 161 — The Winter Carnival [#](#episode-161) {#episode-161}

The men stage a winter carnival at Possum Lodge, so that their wives won't
want to go south for the winter. Red builds a zamboni our of a K-car.
Ranger Gord explains the danger of snake bites. Bill tries the Luge.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S5oV6vhY1PY){: target="_blank"}

* * * *

Season 8 (Episodes 162–175) [#](#season-8) {#season-8}
--------

### Episode 162 — Harold's Leaving [#](#episode-162) {#episode-162}

Harold ruins everything by going off to college. Red builds a fishing boat
out of furnace ducts. Bill gets a trout in his pants and Ranger Gord
describes his numerous lightening encounters.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w2yCxFVyFqE){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 163 — House Moving [#](#episode-163) {#episode-163}

Red and the guys try to move an old building by balancing it on pick up
trucks. Bill discovers a correlation between ladders and gravity. Red turns
a Cadillac into a backhoe. Special Guest - Graham Greene.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fte9bxVPOkE){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 164 — Neither Rain Nor Sleet [#](#episode-164) {#episode-164}

Red starts his own postal system. Bill demos the rifle range. Red makes a
heart pacemaker out of a digital clock. Mike Hamar shares a trick for high
school reunions.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TUJ7BdsXTyA){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 165 — The Cult Visit [#](#episode-165) {#episode-165}

The lodge is visited by a strange cult from the planet Gorgon. Red builds a
riding mower out of a Pontiac and a ceiling fan. Bill tries roller blade
street hockey. Special Guest - Gordon Pinsent.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qza6DEmhhuQ){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 166 — College Life [#](#episode-166) {#episode-166}

Harold goes off to college where he shares an apartment with three girls.
Red makes a doggie ride out of a car door. Bill has chain saw problems.
Special Guests - Peter Keleghan, Albert Schultz, Gordon Pinsent.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XYQz8wf0cvM){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 167 — The New Monument [#](#episode-167) {#episode-167}

The lodge inherits an old army tank and gets it running. Red shows you how
to teenproof your car. Bill tries axe throwing. Special Guests - Boyd
Banks, Gordon Pinsent, Paul Gross.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4ZzWdtvCE3E){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 168 — Free Apricots [#](#episode-168) {#episode-168}

A tractor-trailer flips over and the lodge members get an unlimited supply
of apricots. Red makes a really high car jack. Bill goes rock climbing.
Special Guests - Wayne Robson, Bob Bainborough, Peter Keleghan.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TWgpythxGO0){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 169 — The Mayor Race [#](#episode-169) {#episode-169}

Red runs for mayor of Possum Lake. Red tries to run the lodge electrical
system from a car cigarette lighter. Bill goes backpacking with a shopping
cart. Special Guests - Bob Bainborough, Wayne Robson, Boyd Banks, Jerry
Schaeffer.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m0i3PAQdaTg){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 170 — Better To Give Than Receive [#](#episode-170) {#episode-170}

Possum Lodge has a blood donor competition with Caribou Lodge. Red turns a
garage and a dishwasher into a home car wash. Bill tries to collect wild
honey. Special Guests - Wayne Robson, Peter Keleghan, Graham Greene.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M2ggM6PFW9M){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 171 — Town Services Contract [#](#episode-171) {#episode-171}

Possum Lodge gets the contract to supply tow truck, snow plow and ambulance
service to Possum Lake. Red turns a car into an exercise machine. Bill
tries to plant a garden over the Trans Canada pipeline. Special Guests -
Wayne Robson, Bob Bainborough, Peter Keleghan.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZkUwsJ0sU5k){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 172 — It's A Wonderful Red Green Christmas [#](#episode-172) {#episode-172}

60 Minute Special

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o6aImXbkDro){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 173 — Life Cycle [#](#episode-173) {#episode-173}

Red in the possum van competes with Harold on a bicycle for distance
covered on a ten-dollar budget. Red shares his recipe for fire engine
chili. Bill, Red and Harold have a tug of war. Special Guests - Wayne
Robson, Jeff Lumby, Peter Keleghan.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NLxpRojWltM){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 174 — Mad About You [#](#episode-174) {#episode-174}

Harold teaches Red about anger management. Red shows us how to re-cane a
chair with garden hose. Bill tries a mountain bike. Special Guests - Bob
Bainborough, Jeff Lumby, Peter Keleghan.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7ddHwDfizrY){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 175 — Bingo Was His Name [#](#episode-175) {#episode-175}

Red has the lodge declared a religion to allow bingo games. Red shows us
how to customize a car. Bill dabbles in archeology. Special Guests - Peter
Keleghan, Jerry Schaeffer, Paul Gross.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HKNAUxE7igY){: target="_blank"}

* * * *

Season 9 (Episodes 176–191) [#](#season-9) {#season-9}
--------

### Episode 176 — Harold's Job [#](#episode-176) {#episode-176}

A major change in the show as Harold leaves the Lodge and moves to the city
to take a job as Assistant Account Executive at Multi-Corp International
Inc. This makes room for several new features that will be introduced
throughout the season, the first of which is Ranger Gord¹s Animated
Educational Films ­ this week's topic ­ Tree Holes. On Handyman Corner, Red
demonstrates how to clean out your car with a garbage truck.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZVrOVuCQThM){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 177 — The Fishing Derby [#](#episode-177) {#episode-177}

When nobody catches any fish in the Fishing Derby, the men have Possum Lake
tested for contaminants and the report shows that the lake is no longer
classified as water. Also Red visits Harold at his new job in the city. On
Handyman Corner Red customizes a car so that it can get in and out of tight
parking spots. Four of the Lodge members have a big adventure trying to
build a backyard play set for the kids.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4tQbmv3Pqtk){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 178 — Lady in Red [#](#episode-178) {#episode-178}

A beautiful young chiropractor goes into business in Possum Lake and
creates more kinks than she removes. Red builds a forklift using a pair of
skis and an extension ladder. The men turn the challenge of putting up a
flagpole into a major adventure. Red visits Harold at work and crashes his
computer. In a new feature, Red and Ed help Dalton convince his wife to
watch action movies.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BPWZV8Iyv9U){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 179 — The Bachelor Auction [#](#episode-179) {#episode-179}

The men decide to have a Bachelor Auction as a way of raising money and
getting dates. A new feature, Possum Lodge Life & Times, focuses on the
life of local con artist Honest John Jonassen. Red builds a dragster out of
junk he finds in the shed. Young Walter is stuck way up in a cherry picker
and getting him down turns into an adventure. Meet Dale, a new character
played by Gavin Crawford, who is pumping gas for the summer.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=epA2nNUHlYo){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 180 — Angel [#](#episode-180) {#episode-180}

Red and the boys argue about the existence of angels. Mike volunteers to
produce one. Red makes a bread maker out of an automatic washing machine.
He also shows you a way to stop dogs from chasing your car. Ranger Gord has
a picture of the abominable snowman. They also have fun with the local
magnetic hill. Red takes some mementos from the Lodge for Harold to display
on his desk at Multi Corp. International Inc.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5RM6JJb3azE){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 181 — School Bus Blimp [#](#episode-181) {#episode-181}

Red talks the guys into converting an old school bus into a hot air
balloon. Harold goes over-board using sticky notes. Hap claims the metal
plate in his head is magnetized. Red finds a way to paint a fence with a
wringer washer. Edgar demonstrates a cheap way to make interlocking brick.
Dalton helps a youngster fly a kite. This week¹s adventure is all about
golf.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XVbl4DHRXQ8){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 182 — Coup De Grass [#](#episode-182) {#episode-182}

Red creates a new type of grass seed that only grows two inches tall. Edgar
creates a fireworks display using real explosives. Animal Control Officer
Ed Frid brings a falcon to the show. Red makes a backyard swing out of a
car seat. Ranger Gord has made a cartoon about sun protection. Mike has
Harold join him for a special feature on careers.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gu_ZpjKHgpc){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 183 — Rent A Wreck [#](#episode-183) {#episode-183}

Mike borrows Red¹s van to use in a demolition derby. Red paves the Lodge
driveway with crushed apples. Dalton¹s wife dropped the tv remote into her
clam chowder. Red and Walter have an adventure with a rope and pulley.
Learn how to make a tool belt out of old socks. A brief biography of the
Manning triplets. Red tries to teach Dale what a car horn is for.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iyAmMJDpwDY){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 184 — Curse of the Mummy [#](#episode-184) {#episode-184}

Red and Mike have some fun with artifacts from the local museum. Red shows
how to prevent your car from being stolen. Hap brings his lie detector in
for repairs. The men try to move a fridge down a long staircase. Red makes
a kinetic lawn ornament out of a set of drums and a bicycle.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=03zgsALuPvY){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 185 — Roll Out the Barrels [#](#episode-185) {#episode-185}

The local brewery gives all their old beer barrels to the Lodge. Red
decides to take his over the falls. Animal Control Officer Ed Frid buries a
twelve foot python. Ranger Gord makes environmental tapes. Red shows you
how to do wood working with kitchen appliances.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0cxaoxBhPSk){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 186 — No Retreat [#](#episode-186) {#episode-186}

Harold¹s company tries to buy the Lodge. Red invents a Garbage Canadarm.
Ranger Gord presents an animated feature on Tree Species. Edgar Montrose
gets help fixing his explosives locator. Red has advice on what you can
expect after the age of 45.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zRw3eufBEQk){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 187 — The Battle Call [#](#episode-187) {#episode-187}

The men stage a mock battle against their rival club, the Caribou Lodge.
Red devises a way to carry his boat under the car. Ed Frid has an
unfortunate incident with bees. Red and Walter install a new dock. Also
featured, the life and times of local thespian, Roderick Featherstone.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yKjAlqi_8MU){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 188 — Hurricane Doug [#](#episode-188) {#episode-188}

The Lodge is threatened with a Force 5 hurricane. Red shows a cost
effective way to make a refrigerated van. Hap Shaugnessey is auctioning off
the jacket he wore when he was 50¹s rock star. Red and Walter use
wind-power to make paint dry faster. Red gives married guys tips on when to
say nothing.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fx2kBLH8y_0){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 189 — Guinness World Records [#](#episode-189) {#episode-189}

The men try to devise ways of getting themselves into the record book. Red
makes a dog-powered swing out of a car seat. Ed Frid has trouble with a
weasel. Mike makes a huge slingshot out of tire inner tubes. Also featured,
a biography of three-legged clown Brainy Clogfield.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rsJIAJjdGJY){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 190 — The Auto Club [#](#episode-190) {#episode-190}

The men form an auto club to make money servicing other people¹s vehicles.
Red turns a car into a dump truck. Ed Frid brings a spitting cobra to the
show. Dalton has his thumb caught in a gumball machine. Ranger Gord
presents an animated feature proving that rocks are actually eggs.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3pdXkCs3ckc){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 191 — Too Much Information [#](#episode-191) {#episode-191}

Harold gives the guys a bunch of old computers which changes their lives.
Red makes a snowball gun out of a pitching machine. Mike needs help to
break into a suitcase. Ranger Gord wants to fire-proof the forest. Red,
Mike and Dalton try to barbecue a live pig.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TGsYgv56qdg){: target="_blank"}

* * * *

Season 10 (Episodes 192–210) [#](#season-10) {#season-10}
---------

### Episode 192 — A Very Merry Red Green Christmas [#](#episode-192) {#episode-192}

(60 Minute Special)

### Episode 193 — Sausage Envy [#](#episode-193) {#episode-193}

The boys do their wurst for the Possum Lake Sausage Carnival. Red meets
with the network programmer - an 18 year-old woman played by Stephanie
Beard of Toronto's KISS FM. Red makes popcorn in a clothes dryer, converts
a hot water tank into a snowmobile, and uses his dog to wash his car.
George Buza plays the lazy owner of the Port Asbestos Marina. Dalton locks
the keys in his car and has to blow the doors off to get them.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nn5Mhws3rbg){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 194 — Foster Child [#](#episode-194) {#episode-194}

Red learns that the Lodge has a foster child who's coming to spend the
weekend with him. Red demonstrates a fun way to take out the garbage and
builds a revolving restaurant out of a dining tent. Ranger Gord presents an
educational cartoon on cloud factories. Also featured is a biography of the
first man in the Possum Lake area to put zippers into men's pants.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uURUqCj5VMQ){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 195 — What A Dump [#](#episode-195) {#episode-195}

The Lodge proposes itself to the city of Toronto as an ideal place to dump
garbage. Red makes an extremely elaborate automated firewood chopper. He
also demonstrates how to use a manhole cover as a spare tire and how to
deter unwanted visitors. The Adventure film is an attempt at roof repair.
Ranger Gord has a gang of tree huggers chained to trees and he doesn't want
them to ever leave.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NqdUxszTSuw){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 196 — Winston's Wedding [#](#episode-196) {#episode-196}

Winston needs Red's help in planning his wedding - he has everything except
the bride. Dalton tries to sneak a new boat home without telling his wife.
Red and Walter have a melon tossing contest. Red demonstrates easy ways to
exercise and keep your windshield clean. He also makes a stretch limo out
of two mini-vans and a pick-up truck.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EnmHhQsaheA){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 197 — Man Of The Year [#](#episode-197) {#episode-197}

The guys at the Lodge nominate a man who doesn't exist, as Possum Lake's
Man Of The Year, hoping to win a new fishing boat. Dalton gets home late
and tries to fool his wife. Ranger Gord's animated film is all about
rainbows. Red has a solution for irritating phone calls. He also make house
awnings out of car hoods and turns a mini-van into a riverboat
paddlewheeler.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gnNnwK0ZJdw){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 198 — Survivor [#](#episode-198) {#episode-198}

A toxic cloud in the area forces Red to stay locked in the Lodge for a few
days. Also Red makes a woodshop out of a truck. The men have fun rolling
down a hill inside oil drums. Red demonstrates an easy way to exercise your
dog and how you can use a belt sander to bring you drinks. Red meets with a
network executive who wants Red to add profanity and violence to the show.
Ranger Gord plays the word game - the word is 'stool'.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KaDPbzEIrXE){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 199 — Historic Site [#](#episode-199) {#episode-199}

Red and Mike try to save the Lodge by having it declared a historical site.
Red demonstrates how to get two cars into a one-car garage. Red makes a
hedge trimmer our of a weed whacker on roller blades. Winston and Walter
have a homerun contest. Red brings personal ads to show Ranger Gord. Red
installs a coffee maker into the Possum van.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9wvji_1YQho){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 200 — Twinning [#](#episode-200) {#episode-200}

Possum Lodge twins with the state of Iowa. Red stays back to host the 500
visiting Americans. Ranger Gord presents an animated film about aliens. Red
converts his old hockey equipment into fishing gear. He also demonstrates
how to use small airplanes to remove tree stumps. The Possum Lake Funeral
Director has tips on giving a eulogy when you don't know the deceased.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KAYl5PtS-PQ){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 201 — Lunar Eclipse [#](#episode-201) {#episode-201}

The men try to recapture their youth by watching a lunar eclipse together,
just like they did thirty-five years ago. Red converts the Possum van into
an airboat. Dalton decides to use the Drive-In Theater as a golf driving
range. The men do a featured biography on Walt Gorgovich - Possum Lake's
Daredevil. Red demonstrates how to use a gas siphon hose to keep yourself
cool and how to use a cell phone as a massager.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_Atp9bCo-Bo){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 202 — Barter Starter [#](#episode-202) {#episode-202}

Red, Dalton and Winston trade somewhat valuable items to each other for the
weekend but it doesn't work out so well for Dalton. Red and Walter use a
giant electo-magnet to find lost car keys. Red makes an outside elevator
out of a phone booth and a hot water heater. Red also demonstrates how to
convert the junk on your lawn into a miniature village. Local marina
operator finds a lazy way to change the name of Red's boat.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2ZvWXfbiG2k){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 203 — Out Of The Woods [#](#episode-203) {#episode-203}

Red and Ed trap a large animal roaming the woods at night. Red demonstrates
a carefree way to travel by using wear-on luggage. Ranger Gord presents an
animated feature about signs on the forest. Red uses a car exhaust system
to make a caliope. Winston does a couple of promotional messages for his
septic suckiing business. Red makes automatic space ship doors using
windshield wipers and shower curtains.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_UXDNjsV1GE){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 204 — Cheap Jeep [#](#episode-204) {#episode-204}

Red sends away for an army surplus jeep that shows up in kit form. Ed Frid
brings in a chameleon to show everyone. The men have a soapbox derby race.
Red uses a convertible to demonstrate an easy way to pick cherries. Red
makes decorative pottery using kitchen appliances. Life & Times features
low brow Lodge member, Delomre Clumstead.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zl6fCaSRH6U){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 205 — DNA All The Way [#](#episode-205) {#episode-205}

A rich eccentric passes away and everyone tries to prove they're related to
him. Red demonstrates how to use an electric fan to start your lawnmower.
Ed Frid brings in a Tasmanian Devil to show. Red makes a bush buggy with
some chain link fence wrapped around knobby tires. Mike and Walter have a
strongman contest. Red makes a bicycle easier to ride by attaching two of
them together.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iVvO1GD0pQo){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 206 — Who Wants To Be A Smart Guy [#](#episode-206) {#episode-206}

Dalton represents the Lodge as a contestant on a tv trivia game show. Red
shows how you can be in your own tourist photos without asking a stranger
to take the picture. Red turns a van into a sports car using duct tape and
paint. Ranger Gord has an animated film about defending yourself against a
sasquatch. Ed Frid hypnotizes a chicken and Red puts a rotary antenna on
his car to improve his radio reception.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9Gvi4sOJe-0){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 207 — The Beaver Dam [#](#episode-207) {#episode-207}

Possum Lake is rising because the beavers have built a dam across the river
running out of it. Red uses the van exhaust to inflate children's toys.
Dalton tries to sneak out of the house to go fishing. Red visits Ranger
Gord just as he comes out of hibernation. Walter and Ed help Red install a
satellite dish at the Lodge. Red uses empty duct tape rolls to make a beer
cellar instead of a wine cellar.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OglINZ3bdlQ){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 208 — The Dandruff Foundation [#](#episode-208) {#episode-208}

The men find a charity for the Lodge to affiliate with as way of avoiding
taxes and receiving government grants. Red makes a device that
automatically clears snow from your driveway. Ed Frid brings in a bucket of
leeches. Red makes a fireworks display out of screen doors and a high
voltage transformer. The men have a brief tennis competition. Edgar
Montrose is the featured guest on Up Close and Personal.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7U1kcam2nSg){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 209 — Damn You Emu [#](#episode-209) {#episode-209}

Dalton starts an emu ranch and gets Red to help him out. Red turns a
plumbing breather into an Olympic torch. Ranger Gord has an animated
feature that incorporates time travel. Red builds a poor man's remote car
starter. Winston does a series of sewage promos. Mike Hamar is the featured
guest on Up Close and Personal.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aPJd-zq7kqs){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 210 — No Duct Tape [#](#episode-210) {#episode-210}

Everyone panics when the Lodge runs out of duct tape and the local hardware
store is back-ordered. Red uses a frozen turkey as a toboggan return.
Ranger Gord gets struck by lightning. Ed Frid enlists Red's help to catch
his pet ground hog. Red uses gumball machines to dispense nuts and bolts.
Ed Frid is the featured guest on Up Close and Personal.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=naJ18PUo55o){: target="_blank"}

* * * *

Season 11 (Episodes 211–227) [#](#season-11) {#season-11}
---------

### Episode 211 — New Job in Town [#](#episode-211) {#episode-211}

Patrick McKenna returns to The Red Green Show. When the town of Possum Lake
decides to hire a professional Public Relations person to promote the area,
everyone at the Lodge applies for the job and are shocked to find out that
Harold is the successful candidate, instantly making him the most
successful Lodge member in history. In other segments of this episode, Red
makes a trailer with no wheels and an automatic dog wash. Walter's
rototiller gets away from him. Cast - Steve Smith, Patrick McKenna, Bob
Bainborough, Wayne Robson, Jeff Lumby, Joel Harris.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5UaajE_g5l8){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 212 — Gladiator [#](#episode-212) {#episode-212}

The Town of Possum Lake is staging a live version of the movie Gladiator
with Dalton Humphrey (Bob Bainborough) in the lead role. Meanwhile Red
demonstrates how to change a flat tire without stopping and how to fish
with a musket. Mike builds a sailboat that runs on land. Harold drops in to
advise a married viewer who has fallen hopelessly in love with Queen
Elizabeth. Cast - Steve Smith, Patrick McKenna, Bob Bainborough, Wayne
Robson, Jeff Lumby, George Buza, Joel Harris.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UbwugRaJ1ac){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 213 — The Whooping Crane [#](#episode-213) {#episode-213}

A whooping crane builds its nest and lays an egg in the chimney of Possum
Lodge. Red demonstrates a creative way to go tobogganing in the summer.
Harold gives advice on how to tell a fellow employee that they have a body
odour problem. Ranger Gord presents his first animated feature of the
season and Red shows you how to seal your driveway with paint roller
blades. This week's adventure features Road Hockey. Cast - Steve Smith,
Patrick McKenna, Peter Keleghan, Bob Bainborough, Jeff Lumby, Wayne Robson,
Joel Harris.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ziDK9khHw3c){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 214 — Back To Nature [#](#episode-214) {#episode-214}

As part of his new job, Harold rents out the Lodge to what he thinks are a
group of Senior Executives from a naturalist organization, but who are
actually just old nudists. Red shows how you can attach an automotive
supercharger to the human body. In the adventure film, Mike borrows a
police car and gets it stuck on a dirt pile. Ranger Gord writes a love
letter to Susan Sarandon. Red finds a useful purpose for accordions. Cast -
Steve Smith, Patrick McKenna, Peter Keleghan, Bob Bainborough, Wayne
Robson, Jeff Lumby.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iI10MduiNoE){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 215 — Dalton's Hot Gift [#](#episode-215) {#episode-215}

Mike gets Dalton a new barbecue for his birthday. Red believes Mike stole
it from Dalton's store. Red demonstrates an economical way to make an
automatic garage door opener. This week's adventure has Winston getting rid
of a beehive. In the word game, Harold tries to get Red to say 'celibate'.
Nervous Animal Control Officer Ed Frid brings a fox to show the audience.
Red shows us how to use a golf club to clean up our yards. Cast - Steve
Smith, Patrick McKenna, Jerry Schaefer, Bob Bainborough, Wayne Robson, Jeff
Lumby.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rCiXRPTh5I4){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 216 — Viva Las Possums [#](#episode-216) {#episode-216}

Harold stages a 50's weekend at Possum Lake, culminating in an Elvis
Impersonation contest. Red makes a wood chipper out of a clothes dryer. The
adventure features a pit stop during the Possum Lake Car Rally. Marina
Owner Dwight Cardiff extols the virtues of skydiving. In the word game,
nervous Animal Control Officer Ed Frid tries to get the word 'confidence'.
Red shows you an easy way to check the map while you're driving. Cast -
Steve Smith, Patrick McKenna, Jerry Schaefer, George Buza, Bob Bainborough,
Wayne Robson, Jeff Lumby.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v2beTMJ2vq0){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 217 — Y2 Cans [#](#episode-217) {#episode-217}

To raise money, the men decide to sell rusty unlabelled food cans left over
from the Y2K scare. Red demonstrates how to use a toilet plunger to build a
riding lawnmower. Winston and Walter have a parasailing adventure. Ranger
Gord is on strike with unspecified demands. Other Handyman Tips - how to
add wipers to your side and rear windows, and how to make your own
automatic door opener.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GRmeKpp3FKU){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 218 — The Ghost of Possum Lodge [#](#episode-218) {#episode-218}

Mike discovers a ghost in the Lodge and then gets Red to help him catch it.
Red uses an arc welder to protect his van from parking lot dents. In this
episode's adventure, Dalton uses a jet engine to vacuum the grounds behind
the Lodge. Animal Control Officer Ed Frid brings fox on to the show. Other
Handyman Tips - Red demonstrates how to use an adjustable cane to enhance
airplane travel, and the concept of filling your tires with jelly instead
of air.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fJopUtKxEbk){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 219 — The Chainsaw Races [#](#episode-219) {#episode-219}

Trouble at the Lodge when Red tries to stage the chainsaw races on the same
weekend that Harold is hosting gifted children. Red strikes back at teens
with loud car radios by turning a van into a giant portable boom box.
Dalton, Winston and Walter have a frightening adventure when a nail gun
goes out of control. Lazy marina owner Dwight Cardiff talks about why he
likes skydiving. Other Handyman Tips - how to paint a room with a lawn
sprinkler and how to recycle windshield washer fluid.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MpJM4Y1ajew){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 220 — Something In The Heir [#](#episode-220) {#episode-220}

Winston tries to adopt a child to carry on the family septic sucking
business. Red turns a car into a castle, complete with turret. Mike and
Walter turn a basketball competition into an adventure. Dalton finds out
that surfing the internet leaves a trail. Other Handyman Tips - using a toy
train to vacuum a rug, and a quick clean-up idea for bachelors who eat
alone.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4TeMHhXfSNM){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 221 — Daredevil [#](#episode-221) {#episode-221}

When Psycho Ernie backs out of his attempt to jump over the Lodge on a
motorcycle, Mike volunteers to take his place. Animal Control Officer Ed
Frid brings in a snapping turtle to show the audience. Red makes a portable
garden in the box of a pick-up truck. The adventure film is all about what
can go wrong during a badminton game. Ranger Gord presents an animated film
about forestry work called Lumberjack Gord.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2nPyFW4Rq5Q){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 222 — Mike Goes Straight [#](#episode-222) {#episode-222}

As part of his rehabilitation, Mike volunteers as a Bylaw Enforcement
Officer. Red turns a treadmill into a moving sidewalk. Dalton has an
accident while playing paintball. Walter and Red try to knock down a shed.
Winston needs to fix a flattened mailbox. Red demonstrates a cheap way to
make a wall-hanging television.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dWTKXVCW8HU){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 223 — Xmas in July [#](#episode-223) {#episode-223}

Harold stages a summer Christmas as a tourist attraction for Possum Lake.
Red uses a car engine to make an automatic sprinkler system. Walter and
Winston help Red replace the tire in the Lodge tire swing. Red vacuums with
a toy train and also has a plan to eliminate the need for snow tires. Mike
deals with a moral conflict when finding a wallet with money in it.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bZRgW1-yRiM){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 224 — The Fishing Derby [#](#episode-224) {#episode-224}

Harold tags a prize fish and releases it in Possum Lake. The catcher will
receive a thousand dollars. Red turns a lawnmower into a coffee maker.
Ranger Gord uses Red to demonstrate his ability to do magic tricks. Red and
Mike try curling with cars. Red shows you how to keep warm in a cold room
and how to get snow off your roof without shovelling.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s5XayitYb50){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 225 — Masquerade Marathon [#](#episode-225) {#episode-225}

Mike uses the Possum Lake Masquerade Picnic to help him hide from a bad
guy. Red puts hot peppers in the bird feeder to help the birds stay warm.
Red also converts a car into a barbecue. The men try to break the world
record for toboggan downhill racing. Ranger Gord presents an animated
feature called 'Ranger Doolittle'. Red makes a huge ballpoint pen to draw
traffic lines on the road.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U-UXAh22INg){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 226 — Harold's Dilemma [#](#episode-226) {#episode-226}

Harold's Public Relations Department has a five thousand dollar shortfall.
He decides to solve it by doing a massive renovation to the Lodge to make
it more appealing to tourists. Red lines his jacket with toaster elements
to stay warm. Red and Mike use a car remote to find their way out of the
woods. Red fills his tires with jelly to eliminate flats, and makes a
simple engine for his canoe out of PVC pips and Bromo Seltzer.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wpEwIumb1Go){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 227 — Red Green Does New Years [#](#episode-227) {#episode-227}

(60 Minute Special)

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKWoITk7GLo){: target="_blank"}

* * * *

Season 12 (Episodes 228–245) [#](#season-12) {#season-12}
---------

### Episode 228 — Go Fish [#](#episode-228) {#episode-228}

The wives stage a protest to prevent the men from going on a fishing
weekend. Red builds a variable wheelbase car, demonstrates an easy way to
change a burned-out lightbulb, and uses a blood pressure cuff to make
orange juice. Ed Frid does a feature on lobsters and Walter learns how to
back up a boat trailer in this week's adventure film. Cast: Steve Smith,
Patrick McKenna, Bob Bainborough, Wayne Robsom, Jerry Schaefer, Jeff Lumby,
Joel Harris.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kmJlwrUkoC8){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 229 — The Possum Ponderosa [#](#episode-229) {#episode-229}

Red and Harold promote the Lodge on the basis that they are relatives of
Lorne Greene, who grew up there. Red demonstrates how to cut down on your
coffee intake and how to deliver pizza with a skeet thrower. The men have a
pass, punt and kick competition. Red turns a car into a huge wrench. Cast:
Steve Smith, Patrick McKenna, Bob Bainborough, Wayne Robsom, Jeff Lumby.
Special Guest - Graham Greene.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4Ofc-sEd1OI){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 230 — Possum Air [#](#episode-230) {#episode-230}

In order to bring tourists into the area, Harold starts his own airline,
with Red as his first passenger. Red makes a kiddie ride out of a
coin-operated washing machine. Walter has a run-in with a wood chipper. Red
demonstrates an innovative use of popcorn and an automatic newspaper
remover. Cast: Steve Smith, Patrick McKenna, Bob Bainborough, Wayne Robson,
Jeff Lumby, Joel Harris. Special Guest - Gordon Pinsent.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PfaGuo0sNLY){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 231 — The IQ Test [#](#episode-231) {#episode-231}

Harold wants to open a chapter of MENSA, so he has everyone write an IQ
test. Red puts dual controls in his car. Ranger Gord presents an animated
educational film on flying squirrels. Red and Dalton help Walter retrieve
his kite. Red creates a portable steering wheel from a vegetable steamer
and a power clothesline from an old VCR. Cast: Steve Smith, Patrick
McKenna, Bob Bainborough, Wayne Robson, Jeff Lumby, Joel Harris, Peter
Keleghan

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6jlV6ohRlDg){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 232 — The Day Of The Sunflowers [#](#episode-232) {#episode-232}

As their part in a local beautification project, the men grow sunflowers to
hide the Lodge from passing motorists. Red makes a car freshener from a
Rolodex. Red and Winston help Walter move. Red invents a portable shade
system for your car. The men give advice on gifts for women. Cast: Steve
Smith, Patrick McKenna, Bob Bainborough, Wayne Robson, Jeff Lumby, Joel
Harris.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VgiSShgx_lo){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 233 — Reality Television [#](#episode-233) {#episode-233}

Harold changes the show to make it more in keeping with the current trend
towards reality shows. Red turns a car into a complete lawncare vehicle.
The men undertake the world's largest towing job. Red builds an ultra-fast
seed starting bed for his wife and demonstrates how to sneak up the
driveway without waking your spouse. Cast: Steve Smith, Patrick McKenna,
Bob Bainborough, Wayne Robson, Jeff Lumby, Joel Harris.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=te5qX4nDuDE){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 234 — Possum Lodge Provincial Park [#](#episode-234) {#episode-234}

The men go after government money by offering to convert the Lodge property
into a provincial park. Red carves a pumpkin using gunpowder. Some of the
men turn a charity carwash into an adventure. Red builds a Drive To
Restaurant that brings the fast food out to the customer. Red also invents
a spillproof cup holder for carrying hot coffee on a winding road. Cast:
Steve Smith, Patrick McKenna, Bob Bainborough, Wayne Robson, Jeff Lumby,
Joel Harris.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j-3LYyoi4Ts){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 235 — The Silver Wasp [#](#episode-235) {#episode-235}

Harold takes part in a Comic Book Convention and enlists Red's help in
pretending to be a Super Hero. Red makes an automatic roof rack from an old
freezer and a garage door opener. Dalton taps into Lodge electrical power
to run a huge illuminated sign on his store. Red uses sports memorabilia to
wash his van and demonstrates a way to find your car in a crowded parking
lot. Cast: Steve Smith, Patrick McKenna, Bob Bainborough, Wayne Robson,
Jeff Lumby.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=42djPSZ530Q){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 236 — A Lot Like Christmas [#](#episode-236) {#episode-236}

(Christmas Special) The men run into a problem as they prepare for the
Santa Claus Parade. Red makes tinsel out of potato chip bags, and a wreath
from an old tire. Edgar has an explosive gift idea. Hap tells of the night
he saw Santa. Ranger Gord has a special Christmas message. Red uses an old
pipe organ to distribute Christmas gifts. Cast: Steve Smith, Patrick
McKenna, Bob Bainborough, Jeff Lumby, Peter Keleghan, Joel Harris. Special
Guests: Gordon Pinsent, Graham Greene

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PmlotNx0Vfo){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 237 — Snowed In [#](#episode-237) {#episode-237}

A massive snowstorm traps three of the men in the Lodge. Red uses helium to
reduce his body weight. Walter stages a chili competition. Red converts a
house furnace into a full service machine that heats, cooks and boils hot
water. Red also demonstrates a method of sneaking up the driveway without
being detected. Cast: Steve Smith, Patrick McKenna, Bob Bainborough, Wayne
Robson, Jeff Lumby, Joel Harris

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wE6qdypK1a4){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 238 — The Go Go Bars [#](#episode-238) {#episode-238}

Harold gets a shipment of energy bars to test market on the men of Possum
Lodge. Red converts a picket fence into a programmable billboard. Ranger
Gord presents a homemade animation film on the Northern Lights. Walter and
Red find an efficient way to get rid of garbage. Red uses a propane tank to
chill his beverages. Cast: Steve Smith, Patrick McKenna, Bob Bainborough,
Jeff Lumby, Jerry Schaefer, Joel Harris, Peter Keleghan.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=59Xf1Cbnoks){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 239 — The Missile Crisis [#](#episode-239) {#episode-239}

The men decide to detonate a missile the y found in an abandoned well. Red
builds his own outdoor escalator. Walter gets Red to help him change the
oil in his car. Red prevent his van from tipping by attaching airplane
landing gear to the sides. Red also demonstrates how to use a smoke
detector as an alarm clock. Cast: Steve Smith, Patrick McKenna, Bob
Bainborough, Wayne Robson, Jeff Lumby, Jerry Schaefer, Joel Harris, Peter
Keleghan.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dJZb__Gvp94){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 240 — Never Send A Man [#](#episode-240) {#episode-240}

Harold allows a boy scout troop to come to the Lodge and educate the men
about the outdoors. Red puts s device in his mailbox to prevent junk mail
from getting through. Walter has trouble when he tries to split firewood.
Red builds a loveseat that expands into a full sized couch. Red installs a
manhole cover on his engine for making giant waffles. Cast: Steve Smith,
Patrick McKenna, Bob Bainborough, Wayne Robson, Jeff Lumby, Joel Harris,
Peter Keleghan.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5sF-nk21DNw){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 241 — Power Struggle [#](#episode-241) {#episode-241}

In order to satisfy the Kyoto Protocol, the men of Possum Lodge try to
generate their own power using a windmill and a lot of vehicles. Red also
converts a pickup truck to run on electrical power. The men turn a bingo
game into an adventure. Red uses a paper cutter to separate frozen wieners
and invents a guaranteed way to keep glasses on coasters. Cast: Steve
Smith, Patrick McKenna, Bob Bainborough, Jeff Lumby, Wayne Robson, Jerry
Schaefer, Joel Harris.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sAPg-hmFtLE){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 242 — Mr. Possum Lake [#](#episode-242) {#episode-242}

Harold is chosen to represent the Lodge in the annual Mr. Possum Lake
contest. Red uses discarded toys to make gingerbread trim for his house.
Walter runs into trouble flying his model airplane. Red invents a cheap
convenient way to have consistent hot water in the shower and a plan to
make lawn trimming much easier. Cast: Steve Smith, Patrick McKenna, Bob
Bainborough, Jeff Lumby, Wayne Robson, Joel Harris.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E6IN_WDfQO4){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 243 — Red And Breakfast [#](#episode-243) {#episode-243}

Harold gets Red to help him turn the Lodge into a bed and breakfast with
Mike Hamar as their test customer. Red demonstrates a way to avoid speeding
tickets. Ed Frid brings in the most dangerous animal on the world. Walter
helps Red get a lawnmower started. Red turns water wings into fake jogging
weights. Cast: Steve Smith, Patrick McKenna, Bob Bainborough, Wayne Robson,
Jeff Lumby, Jerry Schaefer, Joel Harris.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9xuYOfh1WnI){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 244 — The Moosetrap [#](#episode-244) {#episode-244}

The men decide to host a dinner theatre at the Lodge. Red builds a portable
desk using an old suitcase and some tv trays. The men discuss how you can
tell if couple are married by the way they sit in the car. Walter tries his
hand at pulling a rickshaw. Ranger Gord presents a homemade animated film
on pollution. Cast: Steve Smith, Patrick McKenna, Bob Bainborough, Wayne
Robson, Jeff Lumby, Joel Harris, Peter Keleghan.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_SCqGJOggy8){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 245 — Stupid Cupid [#](#episode-245) {#episode-245}

In an effort to meet women, Harold makes a tape for a video dating service.
Red builds a simple water purification system with a tennis racquet,
pantyhose and a barbecue. Ranger Gord gives Red his new business card. The
men hit an underground electric cable while trying to put up a danger sign.
Red customizes a chair so that he won't fall asleep while his wife is
talking to him. Cast: Steve Smith, Patrick McKenna, Bob Bainborough, Wayne
Robson, Jeff Lumby, Joel Harris, Peter Keleghan.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XEt512yMAUU){: target="_blank"}

* * * *

Season 13 (Episodes 246–263) [#](#season-13) {#season-13}
---------

### Episode 246 — You’ve Got Oil [#](#episode-246) {#episode-246}

The Lodge makes a deal with a major oil company to allow them to run a
pipeline through oil property. Red makes a jet boat out of drainage hoses.
Bill and Walter turn putting up a fence, into an adventure. Red creates a
car for anyone who's lost his license. Red also has a trick for parking in
front of a fire hydrant. Charlie Farquharson is given a lifetime Lodge
membership. Cast: Steve Smith, Patrick McKenna, Bob Bainborough, Wayne
Robson, Jeff Lumby, Joel Harris, Rick Green. Special Guest: Don Harron.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8zWBZ2JZNXM){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 247 — The Drive-Thru [#](#episode-247) {#episode-247}

A delivery truck full of burgers flips over and turns the Lodge into a
Drive Thru. Red makes a futuristic hybrid gas electric car out of two golf
carts and a couple of satellite dishes. Harold has an adventure in a
Lumberjack Contest. Red invents a way to iron your pants while you’re
wearing them and Ranger Gord presents an educational public service
announcement. Red has a handy bathroom tip that involves a cordless drill
and a small umbrella. Cast: Steve Smith, Patrick McKenna, Bob Bainborough,
Wayne Robson, Jerry Schaefer, Jeff Lumby, Joel Harris, Rick Green, Peter
Keleghan.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5Xqf0vitYfo){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 248 — School Demo [#](#episode-248) {#episode-248}

The men of Possum Lodge get to tear down the local Public School and have
deep emotional reactions. Red converts an old car into a yard clock. All of
the steaks go missing in a barbecue adventure. Red has a way to get more
gas out of the tank using an enema bottle and a whoopee cushion. Red also
has a handy tip explaining how to get two cars into the same parking spot.
Cast: Steve Smith, Patrick McKenna, Bob Bainborough, Wayne Robson, Jeff
Lumby, Joel Harris, Rick Green.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hOgg2rsNujM){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 249 — Change Will Do You Good [#](#episode-249) {#episode-249}

The guys use Winston’s septic truck to pump all the coins out of the town
wishing well. Red makes a huge Swiss army knife out of a couple of
windsurfing boards. Walter and Bill have a big adventure with water
rockets. Red devises a way to enter your garage at high speed safely. Red
also designs a way to turn auto accessories on by just looking at them.
Animal Control Officer Ed Frid brings a possum in and tries to find out if
it’s just playing dead. Cast: Steve Smith, Patrick McKenna, Bob
Bainborough, Wayne Robson, Jeff Lumby, Joel Harris, Rick Green, Jerry
Schaefer.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PKig5aYGP-k){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 250 — The Earring [#](#episode-250) {#episode-250}

Rumours run rampant at the Lodge when Winston gets an earring. Instead of
beef jerky, Red decides to make turkey jerky. Red and Walter use dynamite
to try to remove an old tree stump. Red demonstrates an innovative way to
get the Possum Van out of a mud hole and shows you how to convert an old
wrecked car into an RV camper trailer. Cast: Steve Smith, Patrick McKenna,
Bob Bainborough, Wayne Robsom, Jeff Lumby, Joel Harris.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZzHjPOnk61Q){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 251 — Mailbox Wars [#](#episode-251) {#episode-251}

The men at the Lodge try to capture the teenagers who are smashing all the
mailboxes in the Possum Lake area. Red converts a bicycle into a barbecue
rotisserie. Walter loses a canoe but Winston and Red help him get it back.
Red has hints on getting your car to pass the safety check and how to get a
bed to make itself. Cast: Steve Smith, Patrick McKenna, Graham Greene, Bob
Bainborough, Wayne Robson, Jeff Lumby, Joel Harris, Trevor Loudon.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=URxDFiyFNjI){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 252 — The String Ball [#](#episode-252) {#episode-252}

Dalton looks like he’s got a great chance of winning this year’s biggest
ball of string contest. Red makes a heavy-duty garbage disposal to get rid
of car parts and assorted yard junk. Ed and Bill have an adventure trying
to save Walter from a car that rolled into the lake. Red demonstrates
innovative ways to roll up the rim on your coffee cup and clean hard to
reach places in the bathroom. Cast: Steve Smith, Patrick McKenna, Bob
Bainborough, Wayne Robson, Jeff Lumby, Joel Harris, Jerry Schaefer, Peter
Keleghan.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yBrYnONjv6U){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 253 — The Spelling Bee [#](#episode-253) {#episode-253}

The men of the Lodge decide to submit a couple of entrants into a spelling
contest with a thousand dollar prize. Red uses ceiling fans to improve his
car’s gas mileage. Hap recounts his fight with Sonny Liston. Walter and
Bill make an adventure out of splitting wodd and building a campfire. Red
has a device that signals your wife’s mood before you go in the house, and
also demonstrates how to use a model train to clean your eavestroughs.
Cast: Steve Smith, Patrick McKenna, Bob Bainborough, Wayne Robson, Jeff
Lumby, Gordon Pinsent, Joel Harris, Samantha Weinstein, Rick Green.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5MNEAYCtTKo){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 254 — Pay It Forward [#](#episode-254) {#episode-254}

The men try to re-instate their unemployment benefits by pretending to work
for each other for money. Red designs a car that can be driven with driver
in full recline. Edgar Montrose needs help distinguishing nitro from
mouthwash. Walter and Bill have an adventure playing Foosball. Red makes a
giant bobblehead and a fridge that makes you look slim. Cast: Steve Smith,
Patrick McKenna, Bob Bainborough, Wayne Robson, Jeff Lumby, Graham Greene,
Rick Green, Joel Harris.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q-kz6mHEeTE){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 255 — Possum Day [#](#episode-255) {#episode-255}

Instead of Ground Hog Day, the Lodge members celebrate Possum Day where a
possum predicts how nuch longer summer will last. Red uses an industrial
vacuum to subtly suck vegetables out of a fridge. Winston and Walter has a
shoot out with squirt guns. Red makes an all-wheel drive four-wheel
steering vehicle out of two K-cars. Ranger Gord presents a safety film on
Cliff Diving and Red invents an easy way to add engine fluids whil you’re
driving. Cast: Steve Smith, Patrick McKenna, Bob Bainborough, Wayne Robson,
Jeff Lumby, Peter Keleghan, Joel Harris.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XJxWeCWJJnQ){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 256 — The Boat Ramp [#](#episode-256) {#episode-256}

Rather than clean out the existing boat ramp, Red creates a way to fling a
boat over the scrap and land it in the lake. The men have an adventure
saving a Lodge rowboat in a flood. Red uses streetcar technology to devise
a safe way to cut the grass with an electric lawnmower. Red also
demonstrates a way to prevent your wife from stealing the remote and makes
an outdoor bathroom out of empty beer cases. Cast: Steve Smith, Patrick
McKenna, Bob Bainborough, Wayne Robson, Jeff Lumby, Joel Harris.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=27NdtOI6Gkk){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 257 — Comrade Harold [#](#episode-257) {#episode-257}

Harold agrees to take part in a University experiment to convert the Possum
Lake community to communism. Red makes a garbage compactor out of a garage
door opener. Ed Frid brings a wild parrot. Walter makes a glider airplane
out of wallboard. Red invents a device that makes you look like you’re
standing while you’re sitting. He also comes up with a way to hide
vegetables instead of eating them.  Cast: Steve Smith, Patrick McKenna, Bob
Bainborough, Wayne Robson, Jeff Lumby, Jerry Schaefer, Joel Harris.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lV0WHKmA_K0){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 258 — Spokesman Red [#](#episode-258) {#episode-258}

Red makes an incorrect assumption when he gets hired as a spokesman for a
major corporation. Hap discusses his experience with cryogenics. The men
have an adventure with a hi-lo tent trailer. Red invents an ingenious
automatic breakfast maker. Also featured are an airplane access ramp for
home use, and a quick easy way to level a pool table.  Cast: Steve Smith,
Patrick McKenna, Bob Bainborough, Wayne Robson, Jeff Lumby, Gordon Pinsent,
Joel Harris.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RwFvmyYKoE8){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 259 — The Chain Letter [#](#episode-259) {#episode-259}

Harold convinces the guys at the Lodge to make money by sending out lots
and lots of chain letters. Red uses mailboxes and a central vac to create
an in-house messenger service. Mike and Walter make an adventure out of
installing a sprinkler system. Red uses the back wheels of a car to wind up
hoses and extension cords. Red also creates a portable power steering
system using a cordless drill and a pickle.  Cast: Steve Smith, Patrick
McKenna, Bob Bainborough, Wayne Robson, Jeff Lumby, Joel Harris.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bc-KPiRljjU){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 260 — The Women’s Circle [#](#episode-260) {#episode-260}

When the men notice all the women are missing, they discover that they have
formed a Women’s Circle where they meet and discuss their lives. Red
customizes an old van to make it more pleasant to travel with kids. Walter
has an adventure trying to get a clear cellular signal. Ranger Gord
presents an animated tip on Boat Safety. Red makes a gigantic oven and uses
a scube suit to help clean the upstairs windows.  Cast: Steve Smith,
Patrick McKenna, Bob Bainborough, Wayne Robson, Jeff Lumby, Joel Harris,
Don Harron, Peter Keleghan.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S-dSmQbq4D4){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 261 — Ranger Harold [#](#episode-261) {#episode-261}

Harold fills in for Ranger Gord while he’s on sick leave, leaving Uncle Red
alone and lonely at the Lodge. Red converts an old portable record player
into a pizza maker. Bill and Walter have a life-size electric football game
using cement tampers. Hap claims tp be a world class tap dancer. Red
invents one device for keeping tailgaters away and another for clapping
along with an audience.  Cast: Steve Smith, Patrick McKenna, Bob
Bainborough, Wayne Robson, Jeff Lumby, Joel Harris, Jerry Schaefer, Gordon
Pinsent.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=33MVXDXyMFY){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 262 — The Sinkhole [#](#episode-262) {#episode-262}

The Lodge leans way over as it begins to sink into the ground. Red
customizes his car with old kitchen fixtures. The men have an adventure
playing broom ball with leaf blowers and a bee hive. Red demonstrates new
ways to dry your clothes and several methods for painting your house.
Special appearance by Charilie Farqiharson in The Experts segment.  Cast:
Steve Smith, Patrick McKenna, Bob Bainborough, Wayne Robson, Jeff Lumby,
Joel Harris, Don Harron.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KOZMSNz-th8){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 263 — Cyber Girl [#](#episode-263) {#episode-263}

Harold meets a girl on the Internet and they arrange to get together at the
Lodge. Red shows us how he comes up with all of his wacky project ideas.
Walter takes a novelty photo of the guys in costume. Ed Frid brings a few
scorpions in to show. Ranger Gord presents a Safety Film on being chased by
wolves. Red washes the dishes and his car at the same time.  Cast: Steve
Smith, Patrick McKenna, Bob Bainborough, Wayne Robson, Jeff Lumby, Joel
Harris, Jerry Schaefer, Peter Keleghan, Jody Pate, Lori Elliott.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xAAOUczPfBI){: target="_blank"}

* * * *

Season 14 (Episodes 264–281) [#](#season-14) {#season-14}
---------

### Episode 264 — Red's Hot Sauce (Season Premiere) [#](#episode-264) {#episode-264}

Red creates his own spicy barbecue sauce that turns out to work better as a
gasoline additive. Harold presents a new Hobby House segment featuring a
local hobbyist who makes things out of wieners. Red paints a barn with a
carpet roll on a forklift. Bill and Walter wreak havoc with crossbows. Red
installs a refrigerator door on a house as a way to get teenagers to come
home early. Special Guest – Colin Mochrie.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=buC98P_VDKs){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 265 — Life Is A Circus [#](#episode-265) {#episode-265}

The men put on a circus to celebrate the 75th anniversary of the Lodge.
Harold is the human cannonball. Red does a giant stir fry in a satellite
dish. The men attempt to rap rats in the adventure film. Red makes a lazy
susan for long rectangular dining tables. Red has a special word for middle
aged men who are still playing organized sports.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mEUfFMYbLWU){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 266 — Once More To The Well [#](#episode-266) {#episode-266}

The Lodge well runs dry so the men decide to drill a new one rather than go
on town water. Red has a special lure that expands into looking like you’ve
got a huge fish. Winston goes on a blind date. Red builds his version of a
fancy European mid-engine sports car. Red warns about the declining age of
people who are smarter than him. Walter teaches Harold how to milk a cow.
Special Guest – Colin Mochrie.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pEFmFbf3bFs){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 267 — The Statue [#](#episode-267) {#episode-267}

Red knocks over a historic statue downtown and must replace it. Harold,
Bill and Walter have an adventure with hammocks. Red combines a boat
trailer and a K-car to make a boat launcher that’s easy to back up. The
fishermen exchange ideas on the importance of education. Red introduces
method where instead of counting calories, you count meals. Red creates
reversible pants and a canoe made entirely out of coolers, called a
Canooler.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2tvx9BZdn-g){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 268 — False Idol [#](#episode-268) {#episode-268}

Red converts a furnace into a dry cleaning machine. Harold tries out for a
Canadian Idol type reality show. The boys turn boat launching into an
adventure. Red uses the old town clock as a car engine. Glen Brackston
brings his coffee cup collection to Harold’s Hobby House. Red warns of the
dangers of fast dancing for middle aged men.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5H1G-zDVI9E){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 269 — Harold‘s One And Only [#](#episode-269) {#episode-269}

Red thinks Harold is spending way too much time with his girlfriend Bonnie
and gets them to take a week off. Red invents a way to put a week’s worth
of dog food out at a time. Walter, Harold and Bill go to a nude beach. Red
converts a small car into a washer/dryer. Red uses a badly tuned car engine
to convert an old tent into an inflatable garage.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rRplBkmEs6g){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 270 — The Grapes Of Wrath [#](#episode-270) {#episode-270}

The men use the next door neighbour’s grapes to make their own wine. Red
makes a flintlock musket out of some eavestrough and a can of whipped
cream. Bill and Walter try to re-point a chimney. Red makes a boat out
of an old bed and some inflatable mattresses. Dalton brings his coin
collection to Harold’s Hobby House. Red shows us how to make different
sized ice cubes to fit different sized drinks.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Um2nkyjA1NY){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 271 — The Lodge Election [#](#episode-271) {#episode-271}

The men find out that Red has been breaking the rules of the Lodge Charter
and an election is called to pick a new leader. A new guy, Blair Cobden,
comes on the show to promote his snowmobiling show on a local station. Red
strips an old car to make a luxury bass boat. Walter accidentally goes for
a ride on a mechanic’s creeper. Winston runs a new commercial for 'septile
disfunction.' Actor's First Appearance: Brad Cowan From The Comedy Troupe
Truthhorse.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QGxzd18YLY4){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 272 — Ticket To Fame [#](#episode-272) {#episode-272}

Red owes Harold fifty dollars and repays him with a lottery ticket. Ed Frid
is too afraid to use a real animal so he does his segment with a puppet.
Red makes a homemade jeep using the awnings, canopy and storm door from his
house. Walter and Harold have an adventure picking up office furniture in
the Possum Van. Red turns an old fridge into an entertainment center and
uses a jai alai bat to pick up apples.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fyXP9jLuwkU){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 273 — Stay Tuned [#](#episode-273) {#episode-273}

When the government erects a building that blocks the Lodge satellite
signal, the men build a huge tower for their satellite dish. Red uses dryer
hoses to make the Possum Van more aerodynamic. The men encounter a bear on
a fishing trip. Red attaches a propane tank to a lawn sprinkler to make an
instant campfire. Red turns his car into a miniature garbage truck. Special
Guest: Gordon Pinsent

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yiDpEuN6eHw){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 274 — The Butter Man (Christmas Episode) [#](#episode-274) {#episode-274}

Red and Harold work through the difficulties that arise from giving someone
an inappropriate Christmas gift. Red demonstrates elaborate gift detecting
techniques so you can find out what you’re getting without unwrapping it.
The men build a lawn display of Santa’s sleigh and reindeer using a wringer
washer and some garden gnomes. Red uses a ceiling fan to trim his tree, and
a shop vac to clean up the wrapping paper. Also featured are special
Christmas messages from the Lodge members.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SOweWsNG1EA){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 275 — Red Green Insurance [#](#episode-275) {#episode-275}

Bothered by the high cost and poor coverage offered by the insurance
company, Red decides to personally insure the Lodge. Red turns a treadmill
into a heavy duty belt sander. Harold and Walter make an adventure out of a
flat tire. Red demonstrates the easy way to assemble kit furniture. When
Red’s car crashes through the garage door, Red sees that as an opportunity
to turn it into a sauna.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6aUZBPKe22I){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 276 — Lodge Luau [#](#episode-276) {#episode-276}

In an attempt to attract tourists, Harold convinces the men to have a
Hawaiian theme weekend. Surprisingly, it doesn’t go well. Red recycles
assorted pieces of junk in very creative ways. Bill and Walter turn a
tornado into an adventure. Red demonstrates how to defrost your freezer
quickly using a microwave oven, and how to single-handedly operate a
two-man saw.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G2PLIGxysuo){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 277 — Hoard of the Flies [#](#episode-277) {#episode-277}

The Lodge is being swarmed by flies just as an antique road show-type crew
comes to town to appraise everyone’s valuables. Red makes a vehicle out of
old hospital equipment. Bill and Walter have an adventure cleaning
eavestroughs with a ladder mounted on a skateboard. Red uses soap remnants
as chair casters and converts a pick-up truck into a sporty convertible.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=byKiHBR05ho){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 278 — A Shot in the Dark [#](#episode-278) {#episode-278}

Red and Harold contract an extremely contagious virus and have to give each
other flu shots. Red devises a way to throw garbage out the van window
without littering. Harold injures Walter’s ankle, forcing him to walk on
his hands. Red creates a foolproof alarm clock and turns an old car into a
snow cannon. Special Guest: Don Harron as Charlie Farquharson.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CL24DTEGoB0){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 279 — Bye Bye Bonnie [#](#episode-279) {#episode-279}

Harold is upset because his girlfriend is seen around town with another
guy. Red uses a snowblower to make applesauce. The men have a run-in with a
skunk. Edgar Montrose designs a new art form involving explosives. Red
recycles road signs and demonstrates a way to make a newspaper windproof.
Special Guest: Graham Green

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A0sg1Hk50sc){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 280 — Fishy Canusa Games [#](#episode-280) {#episode-280}

Harold freaks out when a Lodge from the United States challenges the men to
a fishing contest. Red devises a way to cool car seats in the summer using
fire extinguishers. Bill and Walter have an adventure putting new shingles
on a shed roof. Blair Cobden tries to take his snowmobile to an island
resort. Red cooks a turkey dinner in a dishwasher and uses a Mr. Microphone
to avoid a shopping trip with his wife.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P5Y4RV8pcY0){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 281 — The Possum Drop [#](#episode-281) {#episode-281}

Harold is upset about possible animal abuse and volunteers to replace the
possum for the annual Possum Drop. Red builds a bicycle that even a man can
ride. Bill, Walter and Mike take on Harold and a couple of girls in a game
of beach volleyball. Red makes a manly chandelier out of flashlights and
wheel rims, and demonstrates how to use a goalie mask to give your beard an
even trim.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LeD0uAOdfYc){: target="_blank"}

* * * *

Season 15 (Episodes 282–300) [#](#season-15) {#season-15}
---------

### Episode 282 — Rules of Engagement (Season Premiere) [#](#episode-282) {#episode-282}

Harold has broken up with Bonnie so Red tries to make him feel better by
pairing up with him for a white water race in a two-man kayak Red made from
washing machines. Bill and Winston get injured trying out a batting cage.
Red makes his car pothole-proof. Mike tries to guess the word 'mistakes' in
the Word Game. Red demonstrates a way to drive with no hands, and a trick
to help you find your car keys.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-b4-k_rYV70){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 283 — The Folk Art Convention [#](#episode-283) {#episode-283}

Red feels that the Lodge can make money by making objects of folk art and
selling them at the local convention. Red drastically increases the
horsepower of his car by using a toilet as a carburetor. Bill, Winston and
Dalton have a three-man ATV race. Ed Frid goes for the word 'fuzzy' in the
Word Game. Glen Brackston brings his slot cars to Harold's Hobby House. Red
uses an extension ladder to pick up a heavy bench and makes a dolly out of
beer bottles.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=032TumQEW8o){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 284 — Mr. Clean [#](#episode-284) {#episode-284}

Trying to beat Caribou Lodge in the ratings for tourist resorts, Red and
the men do a massive clean-up of the Lodge. Red invents a way to cut the
lawn automatically. Mike shows them how to make a camp shower. Dalton goes
for the word 'listen' in the Word Game. Red makes a scented candle out of
car drippings and a super-sized windshield washer from a fire hose.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OxtrGUXoTwo){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 285 — No Tell Boatel [#](#episode-285) {#episode-285}

Red buys a motel cheap, then finds out it doesn't include the land and he
has to move it off the property. He decides to turn it into a cruise ship.
Ed Frid brings a whole bunch of bees for his Talking Animals segment. Red
builds a sound-proof van. Bill and Winston try some wind-up airplanes. Glen
Brackston tries to guess the word 'exercise' in the Word Game. Red invents
a space-saver table and converts a juke box into a video game.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOSety3qEIg){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 286 — Cell Hell [#](#episode-286) {#episode-286}

Red gets a bunch of free cell phones and tries to make them work without
signing up for cellular service. Graham Green is featured as Edgar Montrose
presenting his hobby of flattening items on the train tracks. Red uses
arena lights as high beams. Mike, Ed and Dalton have a Yoga lesson. Red
uses tricks to make the Possum van appear to be peeling rubber. Ed Frid
tries to guess the word 'heat' in the Word Game. Red cautions couples on
the use of sarcasm.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZFhecyzDJEQ){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 287 — Cart Blanche [#](#episode-287) {#episode-287}

Reacting to the high price of gasoline, the guys switch to electric golf
carts. Red makes a motorcycle look like a car so your wife will let you
have one. Bill has an adventure after dropping his watch down a well. Red
tries to make a car run on elastic power. Dalton Humphrey tries to guess
the word 'hop'. The fishermen have a discussion on same sex marriage.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FqR4vNA3Qeo){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 288 — New Yorkshire Puddings [#](#episode-288) {#episode-288}

Red discovers Yorkshire puddings and decided to open up a fast food
Yorkshire pudding outlet. Red converts an autoharp into a bread slicer.
Bill, Winston and Ed have a bird watching adventure. Red converts a city
bus into a house addition. Mike Hamar tries to guess the word 'hug'. Red
uses handyman tools for preparing food.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qteLSNqHPZQ){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 289 — Exit Stag Right [#](#episode-289) {#episode-289}

Red and the boys plan a surprise stag for Harold. Red makes a man-sized
lawn torch out of birdbath. Ed Frid tries to guess the word 'bond' in the
word game. Red turns an old steam press into a fat-free grill. The men have
a sailboat race. Red makes ice cream in a washing machine. Glen Brackston
gives advice on diet and exercise.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u9KixzsLLJw){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 290 — Mad You Say? [#](#episode-290) {#episode-290}

Red gets a side of beef super cheap and Harold suspects it carries the mad
cow virus. Red makes a cannon out of a garbage can, a bowling ball and a
personal airbag. Bill turns putting out a campfire into an adventure. Red
creates a robot valet. Mike Hamar tires to guess the word 'team'. Red
devises a simple way to temporarily display pictures of relatives when they
visit.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=khyhiasNRvE){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 291 — No Place Like The Home [#](#episode-291) {#episode-291}

Old Man Sedgwick's son is trying to put him into a home and Red intervenes
to prevent it. Edgar Montrose tries to guess the word 'passion' in the Word
Game. Red uses furnace ducts as car exhaust pipes. The fishermen discuss
artificial intelligence. Bill and Winston try to cross the lake on stilts.
Red makes a muffin gun. Also a handyman tip on cleaning the junk out of
your yard without getting rid of it.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0BMq-ryM5Pk){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 292 — Flying Blind [#](#episode-292) {#episode-292}

Red uses some unexpected cash to put on an Air Show but when he's denied a
permit, he tries to fool the crowd with model airplanes. Ed Frid brings a
black bear to Talking Animals. Red uses a water wheel to power a car. Bill
has an adventure with ropes. Mike tries to guess the word 'back' in the
word game. Red invents a car deodorizer and a way to stop your guests from
using too much hot water.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rV6Cm9Rqj6U){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 293 — The Bigger The Better [#](#episode-293) {#episode-293}

Jealous of Port Asbestos having the world's biggest marshmallow, Red and
the guys decide to have the world's biggest crayons by painting all the
silos. Bill and Mike turn a game of squash into an adventure. Red makes a
personal air bag to fit on his hat. Dalton tries to guess the word 'purse'
in the Word Game. Red uses the doors and hood of his car like flaps on an
airplane. Red also suggests creatuive ways to recycle old VHS cassettes.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xNWxFE-SiRY){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 294 — The Big Retreat [#](#episode-294) {#episode-294}

A group of CEO's have a reatreat at Possum Lodge and as it turns out
they're all women. Red customizes a car so he can drive standing up. Ed
Frid brings a jumping frog to Talking Animals. Bill freaks out when he
finds pieces of wood missing from everything. Red devises a method of
delivering cold drinks from shore to his fishing boat. Winston tries to
guess the word 'second' in the Word Game. Red uses a diving helmet and a
vacuum cleaner to open a bag of snacks.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qXmpHimLg0A){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 295 — Rites Of Passage [#](#episode-295) {#episode-295}

The men get into a fight over public access to Possum Lake waterfront and
decide to settle it with a tank. Red turns a van into a huge accordion.
Bill has an adventure with a bat. Mike tries to guess the word 'profit' in
the Word Game. Red comes up with an easy way to seed your lawn. Ed Frid
brings his animal traps to Harold's Hobby House. Red creates a poor man's
GPS system.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yykvv6V3KUg){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 296 — Sasquatch [#](#episode-296) {#episode-296}

Red uses Harold as bait as he hunts for the elusive Sasquatch. The men play
against a team of kids in an indoor soccer game. Red cleans a sink with
gunpowder. Bonnie tries to guess the word 'man' in the Word Game. Red
builds his own fuel-efficient smart car. Red devises a way to fish when
you're a long way from the lake.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RNN8RzHr6YI){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 297 — Rain Man [#](#episode-297) {#episode-297}

Faced with a drought, Red tries to create rain by seeding the clouds with
chemicals using a homemade cannon. Winston brings his china collection to
Harold's Hobby House. Ed, Mike and Bill turn escaping bugs into an
adventure. Red creates a macho-looking seat belt so men will wear it.
Dalton tries to guess the word 'flowers' in the Word Game. Red makes a
computer desk and chair out of old appliances.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hQGePUR-ZCw){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 298 — Love Is In The Air [#](#episode-298) {#episode-298}

A labeling mix-up between animal musk and after shave causes Harold a lot
of grief when he goes to meet his fiancée's family. Red gives up on parallel
parking and tries his hand at perpendicular parking. Bill helps Red clear
the trees that have grown around an abandoned boat. Mike tries to guess the
word 'parent' in the Word Game. Red converts an electric blanket into a
table warmer and makes a spill-proof submarine sandwich.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cBV2Ff-DDdM){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 299 — Toe The Line [#](#episode-299) {#episode-299}

Red and Harold end up as a couple competing in a line dancing contest. Red
turns a sedan car into a hideaway hardtop. Mike brings his key collection
to Harold's Hobby House. Red uses men's fascination with an open car hood
to get guys to babysit. Ed Frid tries to guess the word 'gross' in the Word
Game. Bill over-inflates a soccer ball so the game can be played with
vehicles. Red uses an industrial vacuum cleaner to get rid of bees.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SlfeSiz7Fr8){: target="_blank"}

### Episode 300 — Do As I Do (Final Episode of Season and Series) [#](#episode-300) {#episode-300}

Harold loses the church and decides to get married at the Lodge with Red as
minister. Bill gives all of his props back as he retires from going on
adventures. Dalton tries to guess the word 'finale' in the Word Game. Red
demonstrates creative uses of a pasta maker and builds a perpetual motion
machine. Red says goodbye from his desk. A brief look at life after the
show for many of the Lodge characters.

[Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8q5dfFMre40){: target="_blank"}

